Movie title is Blacksmith Scene, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Blacksmiths, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Louis Lumière, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Repas de bébé, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Louis Lumière, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le saut à la couverture, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Louis Lumière, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Trick Riding, Genres are Comedy,Documentary,Short, Directors are Louis Lumière, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Awakening of Rip, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Washington Irving, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Boat Leaving the Harbor at Trouville, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bois de Boulogne, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Boxing Kangaroo, Genres are Short, Directors are Birt Acres, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Bohemian Encampment, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Merry-Go-Round, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Coronation of a Village Maiden, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dessinateur: Von Bismark, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Unloading the Boat, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Post No Bills, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Automobiles Starting a Race, Genres are Short,Sport, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Officers of French Army Leaving Service, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les haleurs de bateaux, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Hard Wash, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Gardener Burning Weeds, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Beach and Pier at Trouville, 1st part, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Jetée et plage de Trouville (2e partie), Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Marée montante sur Brise-Larmes, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Miss de Vere, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le papier protée, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Place Saint-Augustin, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Place de l'Opéra, First View, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Place de l'Opéra, Second View, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Beach at Villiers in a Gale, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les quais à Marseille, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Retour au cantonnement, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Revue navale à Cherbourg, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Rip Leaving Sleepy Hollow, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Washington Irving, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Salut malencontreux d'un déserteur, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Sauvetage en rivière, 1er, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le piou-piou galant, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alfred Moul, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Closing Hours at Vibert's Perfume Factory, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Séance de prestidigitation, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les tribulations d'un concierge, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Academy for Young Ladies, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Little Rascal, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Une altercation au café, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Card Party, Genres are Biography,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Georges Méliès, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La voiture du potier, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oh, That Watermelon!, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Au réfectoire, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'aveugle, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le cocher de fiacre endormi, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Corbett-Fitzsimmons Fight, Genres are Documentary,News,Sport, Directors are Enoch J. Rector, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Coucher d'Yvette et Pierreuse, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dans les coulisses, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'hallucination de l'alchimiste, Genres are Fantasy,Horror,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le magnétiseur, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Idylle, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Idylle interrompue, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Niagara, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Alexandre Promio, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cavalier's Dream, Genres are Horror,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Cripple Creek Bar-Room Scene, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are James H. White, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La cène, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La fuite en Égypte, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Indian War Council, Genres are News,Short, Directors are William K.L. Dickson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le jardin des oliviers, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Jésus devant Pilate, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Leçons de boxe, Genres are Comedy,Short,Sport, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Novice at X-rays, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'aveugle, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Casey at the Bat, or, The Fate of a Rotten Umpire, Genres are Short,Sport, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Ernest Lawrence Thayer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Courte échelle, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le crucifiement, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les dangers de l'alcoolisme, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Danse serpentine par Mme. Bob Walter, Genres are Music,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Delivering Newspapers, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sign of the Cross, Genres are Fantasy,Horror,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Georges Méliès, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le déjeuner des enfants, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'impressionniste fin de siècle, Genres are Fantasy,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The King's Death at Winstead, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Walter Pfeffer Dando,William K.L. Dickson,Herbert Beerbohm Tree, Writers are William Shakespeare,Herbert Beerbohm Tree, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La mauvaise soupe, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Un bon lit, Genres are Comedy,Horror,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Un lunch, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Évocation spirite, Genres are Fantasy,Horror,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Chimmie Hicks at the Races, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'angélus, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Badinage, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Show Parade, Genres are Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West Parade, Genres are News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West Parade, Genres are News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, Genres are News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At the Photographer's, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Chirurgie fin de siècle, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La concierge, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Danses, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Déclaration d'amour, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les fredaines de Pierrette, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La fée aux choux, ou la naissance des enfants, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Gavotte directoire, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'Habanera, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Happy Hooligan, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Frederick Opper, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Chimmie Hicks and the Rum Omelet, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mort d'Adonis, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pas Japonais, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le Polichinelle, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La poupée noire, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La reine des jouets, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La source, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Uncle Josh in a Spooky Hotel, Genres are Comedy,Fantasy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Uncle Josh's Nightmare, Genres are Comedy,Fantasy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Une rage de dents, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Valse lente, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Another Job for the Undertaker, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West Parade, Genres are Documentary,News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What Came Out of the Cheese; or, The Lilliputians in a New York Restaurant, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Walter R. Booth, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Day at the Circus, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Execution of Czolgosz with Panorama of Auburn Prison, Genres are Drama,History,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Frivolité, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lavatory moderne, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Scène d'ivresse, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, Genres are News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Miss Dundee et les chiens savants, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le sacre d'Édouard VII, Genres are History,Short, Directors are Georges Méliès,Charles Urban, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Danse mauresque, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Farces de cuisinière, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La fiole enchantée, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fruits de saison, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le lion savant, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Troublesome Fly, Genres are Comedy,Horror,Short, Directors are Arthur Marvin, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Un cabinet particulier, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les victimes de l'alcoolisme, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ferdinand Zecca, Writers are Ferdinand Zecca,Émile Zola, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'équilibriste, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les apaches pas veinards, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Street Parade, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Comme on fait son lit on se couche, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Compagnons de voyage encombrants, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Faust et Méphistophélès, Genres are Drama,Horror,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Illusionniste renversant, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La mouche, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Panorama of Riker's Island, N.Y., Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Pioneers, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Service précipité, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Slavery Days, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Harriet Beecher Stowe, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le voleur sacrilège, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Voyage of the 'Arctic', Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Walter R. Booth, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Après la fête, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les deux rivaux, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La gavotte de la reine, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Great Sword Combat on the Stairs, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Booth Tarkington, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Great Train Robbery, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Siegmund Lubin, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pierrot assassin, Genres are Short, Directors are Alice Guy, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le pêcheur de perles, Genres are Fantasy,Short, Directors are Ferdinand Zecca, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Railroad Smashup, Genres are Action,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Adventures of Sherlock Holmes; or, Held for a Ransom, Genres are Crime,Drama,Mystery, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Arthur Conan Doyle,Theodore A. Liebler Jr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Departure of Peary and the Roosevelt from New York, Genres are News,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La esméralda, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Alice Guy,Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset, Writers are Victor Hugo, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Moose Hunting in Newfoundland, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pennsylvania Tunnel Excavation, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman, Genres are Adventure,Romance,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Eugene Wiley Presbrey,E.W. Hornung, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Italian Immigrants at Ellis Island, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Modern Oliver Twist; or, The Life of a Pickpocket, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Charles Dickens, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is San Francisco Disaster, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Awful Skate; or, the Hobo on Rollers, Genres are Comedy,Family,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Curious Dream, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dr. Skinum, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'enfant prodigue, Genres are Drama, Directors are Michel Carré, Writers are Michel Carré, Plot is A rich man's son (Yuen Biao) believes himself to be the best kung fu fighter in Canton. Unfortunately, his father, anxious for his son's safety, bribes all his opponents to lose. After a humiliating defeat at the hands of an actor in a traveling theatre company, the son resolves to find a better teacher. Furious kung fu battles and slapstick comedy.Kung fu Kung-fu movie about a spoiled youngster, Young Leong Tsan, who hates books and conventions but is obsessed by martial arts. His rich father dotes on him so much that handsome payments are awarded to people who manage to lose gracefully to his son, and Young Leong soon comes to think he is the best fighter in Canton.
Movie title is Wonderful Mirrors, Genres are Short, Directors are Segundo de Chomón,Ferdinand Zecca, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mr. Gay and Mrs., Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Othello, Genres are Drama,Music,Romance, Directors are Mario Caserini,Gaston Velle, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Desdemona, daughter of a Venetian aristocrat, elopes with Moorish military hero Othello, to the great resentment of Othello's envious underling Iago. Alas, Iago knows Othello's weakness, and with chilling malice works on him with but too good effect.In the late sixteenth century, Othello, a Moor who is the leading general in Venice, elopes with Desdemona, the only daughter of influential senator Brabantio. Othello's ensign, Iago, witnesses the secret ceremony, and jealous that Othello has promoted Michael Cassio to the position of his lieutenant instead of Iago, alerts Brabantio. The elderly senator is horrified and rushes to the palace to demand justice. There, the senator discovers that the duke is already seeking Othello, because the Turks are about to invade the Venetian garrison at Cyprus and Othello has been elected to defend it. Othello, accompanied by Desdemona, appears before the duke and the senate, and denies Brabantio's charge that he has bewitched Desdemona. Othello reveals that while he was a guest of Brabantio, he would relate his life story, and Desdemona grew to pity and love him, and he began to return her love. When Brabantio demands that Desdemona state whom she should obey, the self-confident young woman states that she owes her father for her life, but that her ultimate loyalty lies with her new husband. Devastated, Brabantio warns Othello that as she deceived her father, so may Desdemona deceive her husband, but Othello dismisses his concerns. While Othello is being told about his new commission, the proceedings are watched by Iago and his stooge, Roderigo, who is also in love with Desdemona. Although Othello believes that Iago is sincere, Iago is actually scheming to destroy him. After Othello and Desdemona consummate their marriage, Othello leaves Venice to fight the Turks, and Iago escorts Desdemona to the Cyprus garrison. Some time later, Othello arrives at the fortress with news that the Turkish fleet has been destroyed by storms, and is joyously welcomed by Desdemona. After Othello orders a celebration and retires with Desdemona, Iago persuades Cassio, who is supposed to be on watch, to drink with him. Soon Cassio is drunk, and Iago engineers a brawl between Cassio and Roderigo, which wakes Othello. Disappointed that Cassio is drunk and fighting while on duty, Othello demotes him. Later, Iago consoles Cassio, who is distraught that his reputation has been tarnished, and advises him to ask Desdemona to talk to Othello about reinstating him as his lieutenant. Later, Othello and Iago spot Cassio and Desdemona talking, and Iago whispers that he does not like seeing them together. Othello shrugs off Iago's insinuation and, when Desdemona asks him to receive Cassio, genially agrees. Irritated, Iago questions Othello about Cassio's role in his courtship with Desdemona, as Cassio occasionally acted as their go-between. Iago casts aspersions on Cassio's and Desdemona's honesty, and although Othello is reluctant to believe him, he is haunted by Brabantio's warning. Seeing that Othello is upset, Desdemona tries to calm him using the handkerchief that he gave her as a special love token, but he tosses it away and storms off. The handkerchief is retrieved by Emilia, Iago's wife and Desdemona's lady-in-waiting, and despite her misgivings about her husband's motives, Emilia gives him the handkerchief. Iago then goes to Othello, who demands that Iago supply proof that his wife has been unfaithful. Iago spins a tale of hearing Cassio talk in his sleep about his love for Desdemona, then seeing him wipe his face with her handkerchief. Enraged, Othello orders Iago to kill Cassio and appoints Iago as his lieutenant. Iago then tosses the handkerchief into Cassio's room, where it is found by Bianca, Cassio's courtesan. Meanwhile, Desdemona again approaches Othello about Cassio, but when Othello learns that she cannot find her handkerchief, he angrily orders her to leave. Iago then arranges for Othello to eavesdrop as he questions Cassio, supposedly about his affair with Desdemona. Iago actually asks Cassio about Bianca, who is in love with him, much to Cassio's amusement. Hearing only Cassio's laughter, Othello is outraged, especially upon seeing Bianca with Desdemona's handkerchief. Although he is convinced of her betrayal, Othello is still torn by his love for Desdemona until Iago tells him that Cassio confided that he slept with her. Othello has an epileptic fit, and after Iago revives him, Othello muses that he is so crushed that he can no longer function as a soldier. Othello then learns that Lodovico, a messenger from Venice, has arrived with a summons for him to return home, leaving Cassio in charge of Cyprus. When Desdemona states that she is pleased by Cassio's promotion because of her affection for him, Othello misunderstands her innocent comment and strikes her. Soon after, Othello interrupts Desdemona's prayers and accuses her of being a whore. Emilia then comforts the anguished Desdemona, who cannot understand the change in her husband. Meanwhile, Othello asks Iago to procure some poison for him to use on Desdemona, but instead Iago advises him to strangle her in her bed. Iago then goes to the steam-baths, where Roderigo, who has been giving Iago jewels to bribe Desdemona, declares that he is returning to Venice, as Desdemona has not returned his affections. Iago, having kept the jewels for himself and hoping for more, convinces Roderigo to remain, telling him that if he kills Cassio, Desdemona and Othello will have to stay at the garrison. Urged on by Iago, the foppish Roderigo attempts to kill Cassio but only wounds him. While Cassio's friends search the baths for the assailant, Iago spots Roderigo hidden beneath the floorboards and stabs him to death. That night, Othello approaches Desdemona as she waits in their bed and, after ascertaining that she has prayed, strangles her, despite her protestations of innocence. Emilia rushes in just as the dying Desdemona asks her to commend her to her "kind lord." The grief-stricken Emilia then cries out that Desdemona was faithful to Othello, and that it was Iago who planted the handkerchief in Cassio's room. Fellow Venetians Montano and Gratiano enter with Iago as Emilia continues telling Othello that he was deceived by Iago, and Iago stabs her. Iago is apprehended by Montano and Gratiano, who bring him before Othello. Othello confesses that he conspired with Iago to kill Cassio, and that he strangled Desdemona. Horrified by what he has done, Othello stabs himself, then staggers to his bedroom, where he clasps Desdemona's body. Asking his friends to speak kindly of him, Othello begs them to describe him as one who "loved not wisely but too well," then dies with Desdemona in his arms.
Movie title is Le spectre rouge, Genres are Fantasy,Horror,Short, Directors are Ferdinand Zecca,Segundo de Chomón, Writers are Segundo de Chomón, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is 'Ostler Joe, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is After Many Years, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Alfred Lord Tennyson,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Antony and Cleopatra, the Love Story of the Noblest Roman and the Most Beautiful Egyptian, Genres are Drama,History,Romance, Directors are Charles Kent,J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is As You Like It, Genres are Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Gene Gauntier,William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Balked at the Altar, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Barbara Fritchie: The Story of a Patriotic American Woman, Genres are Drama,History,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are John Greenleaf Whittier,Theodore A. Liebler Jr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Behind the Scenes: Where All Is Not Gold That Glitters, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bobby's Kodak, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Boston Tea Party, Genres are Drama,History,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are James Cogan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Boy Detective, or the Abductors Foiled, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Call of the Wild, Genres are Action,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le cauchemar de Fantoche, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Caught by Wireless, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Christmas Burglars, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Humanity Through the Ages, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Classmates, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Concealing a Burglar, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Famous Escape, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Fantasy, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Family, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Feud and the Turkey, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Florida Feud: or, Love in the Everglades, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Sidney Olcott, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For a Wife's Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl and the Outlaw, Genres are Action,Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Guerrilla, Genres are Action,Short,War, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Heart of O Yama, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Bret Harte, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Helping Hand, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her First Adventure, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Humpty Dumpty Circus, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton,Albert E. Smith, Writers are J. Stuart Blackton, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Barbarian Ingomar, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Maria Ann Lovell,Ernest Thompson Seton, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The King's Messenger, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Leah the Forsaken, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Ritter von Mosenthal, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lonesome Junction, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Edward Dillon,Anthony O'Sullivan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Making Moving Pictures, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Monday Morning in a Coney Island Police Court, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mack Sennett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mrs. Jones Entertains, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Old Isaacs, the Pawnbroker, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Othello, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are William V. Ranous, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Desdemona, daughter of a Venetian aristocrat, elopes with Moorish military hero Othello, to the great resentment of Othello's envious underling Iago. Alas, Iago knows Othello's weakness, and with chilling malice works on him with but too good effect.In the late sixteenth century, Othello, a Moor who is the leading general in Venice, elopes with Desdemona, the only daughter of influential senator Brabantio. Othello's ensign, Iago, witnesses the secret ceremony, and jealous that Othello has promoted Michael Cassio to the position of his lieutenant instead of Iago, alerts Brabantio. The elderly senator is horrified and rushes to the palace to demand justice. There, the senator discovers that the duke is already seeking Othello, because the Turks are about to invade the Venetian garrison at Cyprus and Othello has been elected to defend it. Othello, accompanied by Desdemona, appears before the duke and the senate, and denies Brabantio's charge that he has bewitched Desdemona. Othello reveals that while he was a guest of Brabantio, he would relate his life story, and Desdemona grew to pity and love him, and he began to return her love. When Brabantio demands that Desdemona state whom she should obey, the self-confident young woman states that she owes her father for her life, but that her ultimate loyalty lies with her new husband. Devastated, Brabantio warns Othello that as she deceived her father, so may Desdemona deceive her husband, but Othello dismisses his concerns. While Othello is being told about his new commission, the proceedings are watched by Iago and his stooge, Roderigo, who is also in love with Desdemona. Although Othello believes that Iago is sincere, Iago is actually scheming to destroy him. After Othello and Desdemona consummate their marriage, Othello leaves Venice to fight the Turks, and Iago escorts Desdemona to the Cyprus garrison. Some time later, Othello arrives at the fortress with news that the Turkish fleet has been destroyed by storms, and is joyously welcomed by Desdemona. After Othello orders a celebration and retires with Desdemona, Iago persuades Cassio, who is supposed to be on watch, to drink with him. Soon Cassio is drunk, and Iago engineers a brawl between Cassio and Roderigo, which wakes Othello. Disappointed that Cassio is drunk and fighting while on duty, Othello demotes him. Later, Iago consoles Cassio, who is distraught that his reputation has been tarnished, and advises him to ask Desdemona to talk to Othello about reinstating him as his lieutenant. Later, Othello and Iago spot Cassio and Desdemona talking, and Iago whispers that he does not like seeing them together. Othello shrugs off Iago's insinuation and, when Desdemona asks him to receive Cassio, genially agrees. Irritated, Iago questions Othello about Cassio's role in his courtship with Desdemona, as Cassio occasionally acted as their go-between. Iago casts aspersions on Cassio's and Desdemona's honesty, and although Othello is reluctant to believe him, he is haunted by Brabantio's warning. Seeing that Othello is upset, Desdemona tries to calm him using the handkerchief that he gave her as a special love token, but he tosses it away and storms off. The handkerchief is retrieved by Emilia, Iago's wife and Desdemona's lady-in-waiting, and despite her misgivings about her husband's motives, Emilia gives him the handkerchief. Iago then goes to Othello, who demands that Iago supply proof that his wife has been unfaithful. Iago spins a tale of hearing Cassio talk in his sleep about his love for Desdemona, then seeing him wipe his face with her handkerchief. Enraged, Othello orders Iago to kill Cassio and appoints Iago as his lieutenant. Iago then tosses the handkerchief into Cassio's room, where it is found by Bianca, Cassio's courtesan. Meanwhile, Desdemona again approaches Othello about Cassio, but when Othello learns that she cannot find her handkerchief, he angrily orders her to leave. Iago then arranges for Othello to eavesdrop as he questions Cassio, supposedly about his affair with Desdemona. Iago actually asks Cassio about Bianca, who is in love with him, much to Cassio's amusement. Hearing only Cassio's laughter, Othello is outraged, especially upon seeing Bianca with Desdemona's handkerchief. Although he is convinced of her betrayal, Othello is still torn by his love for Desdemona until Iago tells him that Cassio confided that he slept with her. Othello has an epileptic fit, and after Iago revives him, Othello muses that he is so crushed that he can no longer function as a soldier. Othello then learns that Lodovico, a messenger from Venice, has arrived with a summons for him to return home, leaving Cassio in charge of Cyprus. When Desdemona states that she is pleased by Cassio's promotion because of her affection for him, Othello misunderstands her innocent comment and strikes her. Soon after, Othello interrupts Desdemona's prayers and accuses her of being a whore. Emilia then comforts the anguished Desdemona, who cannot understand the change in her husband. Meanwhile, Othello asks Iago to procure some poison for him to use on Desdemona, but instead Iago advises him to strangle her in her bed. Iago then goes to the steam-baths, where Roderigo, who has been giving Iago jewels to bribe Desdemona, declares that he is returning to Venice, as Desdemona has not returned his affections. Iago, having kept the jewels for himself and hoping for more, convinces Roderigo to remain, telling him that if he kills Cassio, Desdemona and Othello will have to stay at the garrison. Urged on by Iago, the foppish Roderigo attempts to kill Cassio but only wounds him. While Cassio's friends search the baths for the assailant, Iago spots Roderigo hidden beneath the floorboards and stabs him to death. That night, Othello approaches Desdemona as she waits in their bed and, after ascertaining that she has prayed, strangles her, despite her protestations of innocence. Emilia rushes in just as the dying Desdemona asks her to commend her to her "kind lord." The grief-stricken Emilia then cries out that Desdemona was faithful to Othello, and that it was Iago who planted the handkerchief in Cassio's room. Fellow Venetians Montano and Gratiano enter with Iago as Emilia continues telling Othello that he was deceived by Iago, and Iago stabs her. Iago is apprehended by Montano and Gratiano, who bring him before Othello. Othello confesses that he conspired with Iago to kill Cassio, and that he strangled Desdemona. Horrified by what he has done, Othello stabs himself, then staggers to his bedroom, where he clasps Desdemona's body. Asking his friends to speak kindly of him, Othello begs them to describe him as one who "loved not wisely but too well," then dies with Desdemona in his arms.
Movie title is The Outlaw, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is "Of course it's no threat to the iconic reputation of Jane Russell and her magnificent knockers in the famous Howard Hughes Western of this title, but Tori personifies an amoral, free spirit who dominates all who get in her way, as she motors down the highway in search of cheap thrills on her mighty hog. Welles' handling her own motorcycle riding adds immensely to the feature's overall quality.", 'En route to an ending where she turns to the audience and states: "I\'ll be back again, some time some place when you least expect it", Tori represents an id out of control, and what a sexy id!', "Opening scene has her and fellow bikers Eric Price and Scott Irish making love as a threesome on some matron's front lawn, only to charge the stunned lady $50 for being a voyeur, watching what she presumed was a free X-rated show.", 'She later takes possession of a home, replete with fancy swimming pool out back, belonging to some old pal Phil, much to the consternation of Phil\'s young wife Gail who comes home soon carrying groceries. But Tori\'s sexiness soon wins over Gail (nicely played by a very obscure actress Honey More), who is glad to have the squatter and her pals servicing her. Honey, Tori and several other cast members also starred the same year in another Fred Lincoln video titled "Coming of Age", starring Tami Monroe.', "Tami is phoned by Tori and also shows up for some hot sex action, and the show finishes with Phil finally arriving home, in the person of Randy West, taken aback by what's gone down at his abode without his permission, but again won over by Tori's sheer cheek, as Welles presents him with Tami for a foursome involving her and guest star Joey Silvera. Joey's entrance into the show for the last reel is completely arbitrary, as if he stumbled onto the wrong movie set in Patti Rhodes' loosey-goosey screenplay, but it doesn't matter. Watching Tori at work is worth the price of admission."
Movie title is The Paris Hat, Genres are Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Professional Jealousy, Genres are Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Raffles, an American Cracksman, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Reckoning, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Robert W. Chambers,Dwight Cummins,D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'enfant et le peau-rouge, Genres are Action,Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Bret Harte, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Richard III, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton,William V. Ranous, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Richard's military skills have helped to put his older brother Edward on the throne of England. But jealousy and resentment cause Richard to seek the crown for himself, and he conceives a lengthy and carefully calculated plan using deception, manipulation, and outright murder to achieve his goal. His plotting soon has tumultuous consequences, both for himself and for England.The deformed Richrd of Gloucester cuts a bloody path to the throne in Shakespeare's historical tragedy. Determined to seize the English throne from his brother Edward IV, he rouses Edward's hatred from their brother Clarence, who is arrested and murdered while imprisoned. The cunning Richard woos Anne, widow of Henry VI's son whose death he has arranged. Following the death of the king from natural causes, Richard has the little princes murdered in the Tower. The vicious Gloucester removes all who stand between him and the crown. Henry of Richmond raises a army against Richard, drawing supporters from all over England. The two armies meet at Bosworth Field. Richard's horse is killed beneath him. Defiant and savagely brave, he cries out, "A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!" and is struck down by the attacking force of Richmond.The London Films logo, featuring Big Ben, is displayed, and the great clock rings out the hour with its bells.The opening titles, shown on a parchment that scrolls up to reveal the cast, tells that "The history of the world, like letters without poetry, flowers without perfume, or thought without imagination, would be a dry matter indeed without its legends, and many of these, though scorned by proof a hundred times, seem worth preserving for their own familiar sakes. The following begins in the latter half of the 15th Century in England, at the end of a long period of strife set about by rival factions for the English crown, known as the Wars of the Roses. The Red Rose being the emblem for The House of Lancaster. The White for The House of York. This White Rose of York was in its final flowering at the beginning of the Story as it inspired William Shakespeare..."The scroll dissolves into the image of the English crown, suspended high over the coronation throne. Below, Edward IV () is being crowned, with his siblings and court in full attendance. Richard, Duke of Gloucester (), his brother, exchanges looks with the Duke of Buckingham (), his cousin, and proceeds to follow the new king into the throne room. There, Richard and his other brother, George, Duke of Clarence () display their affection towards Edward's children ( and ), in sight of Queen Elizabeth (). The entire court, save Richard, follow Edward out of the throne room and into the streets, where he goes on parade for the peasants. Richard however, stays in the throne room, and muses, directly to the audience, about his situation.
Movie title is The Roman, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Edward George Bulwer-Lytton,Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Romeo and Juliet, a Romantic Story of the Ancient Feud Between the Italian Houses of Montague and Capulet, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is 'Version of ', ' (1900)', "This movie is a typical example of the cinema productions of 1910s. For today's viewer, the film serves an entirely different purpose. It's seen foremost out of curiosity about film-making in 1912, when a moving picture did not already exist for 20 years. Although it is not the first adaptation of the famous Shakespeare's drama (in 1908 ROMEO AND JULIET was filmed by J. Stuart Blackton), it is worth seeing thanks to its restored version with a new soundtrack and an intense feeling of its age.", 'The whole movie lets you escape to these days when viewers did not have a chance to hear the sound. In its restored version, it does not last for long (only 37 minutes) and will not bore you like, for instance, a restored 2 hour-long CLEOPATRA (1912) with Helen Gardner. However, when we are aware that it is a silent movie, it is significant to state that this film represents a different group of silent films than BEN HUR (1925) or some other movies with Greta Garbo from the 1920s. This is a film from the early silent movie era. Camera techniques are much more primitive. When you see this movie and compare it to later silent films, you will realize that there is an epoch between the two. The camera almost does not move, there are no close ups, people hauntingly move and every detail, every gesture seems to be important, which is to replace the words. Technically, it looks as if the play on a stage was filmed from one ankle. Therefore, putting all silents into one sack proves a lack of knowledge about early years of cinema.', 'The cast are great for that period. Juliet is played by one of the first divas of early cinema, Francesca Bertini. She was a sort of Italian Theda Bara. Gustavo Serena, a famous Italian actor, performs in the role of Romeo. Although other people were not similarly famous, there is one striking feature noticeable in them. Most of the cast are quite well built, particularly women. It is, probably, due to the preferences of the viewers of the early 20th century. Besides, the decorations are quite interesting considering the period the film was shot in, the costumes are also very good. The new soundtrack quite well fits to the scenes and does not distract the viewer as it takes place with some other restored silent films.', "Except for already mentioned factors, there is one more thing typical for silent movies in this film: dated moments that make today's viewers laugh despite the fact that their purpose was entirely different. I burst into the gales of laughter when Romeo climbs the famous balcony on a ladder that Juliet pulls down to him. He has such difficulties in doing it and the camera is directed onto him for about 50 seconds. This is a minor example but it clearly shows how different we are now and how differently we watch a film. Nevertheless, in spite of the fact that more than 90 years have passed since ROMEO E GIULIETTA was filmed, it is worth seeing, at least for the sake of curiosity about how different film-making used to be. 7/10!"
Movie title is The Dream of an Opium Fiend, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Snowman, Genres are Short, Directors are Wallace McCutcheon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Wordless (save for the opening narration and song "Walking in the Air") animated adventure about a young English boy who makes a snowman one Christmas Eve, only for it to come to life that night and take him on a magical adventure to the North Pole to meet Father Christmas.
Movie title is The Stage-Struck Daughter, Genres are Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stolen Jewels, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Unexpected Santa Claus, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Hercules the Athlete; or, Love Behind the Scenes, Genres are Short, Directors are Viggo Larsen, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Viking's Daughter: The Story of the Ancient Norsemen, Genres are Adventure,Drama,Romance, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is And a Little Child Shall Lead Them, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Apache Girl's Revenge, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Carl Alstrup, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Artist's Revenge, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is As It Is in Real Life, Genres are Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Awakening, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mary Pickford, Plot is "It was made early in the label's history, and the transfer to DVD, though official (a Sin City DVD release over a decade later) seems to be from a VHS copy rather than a master. It is well-shot, with Samantha and the other femmes looking mighty beautiful.", 'Simple story has her visiting her cousin Cindy (voluptuous Tiffany Million), but finding the apartment empty with a note indicating Cindy is off to Palm Springs with her boyfriend Tom (Jonathan Morgan). Not to worry, these stars return for a threesome (incestuous) with Sam in the final reel.', 'After a jog and sexy shower, Sam in the role of Kelly becomes a voyeuse, watching the kinky neighbors have sex through their windows, aided by a handy pair of binoculars. This provides an adequate vignette format, and big breasts are featured as well as having a couple of svelte brunettes having sex too. Anal sex and fetish-gear complete the package.', 'Nothing special, but solid Old School Adult entertainment, leading to freeze frame on Sam/Beth\'s final line over the phone to a never-seen friend Rodney: "I ain\'t coming back to Kansas no more".'
Movie title is Threads of Fate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Best Man Wins, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is "It's not just the turning of tables in this cartoon that I find so funny, but the large number of gags. Because Terry turned out these cartoons on such a tight schedule and such a tight budget (the distributor, Pathe, was not the home of big-budget production), most of the Fables would be a basic idea, several well-worn gags, and get on to the next cartoon. Clearly this one inspired the staff to greater heights than usual."
Movie title is The Better Way, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bill Sharkey's Last Game, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bluebeard, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley,Charles Perrault, Plot is ' (1901)', "While I realize they were doing claymation in the silent era seeing one this early was a real surprise. Recounting the story of the brutish, serially married Bluebeard (obviously) it has the garish colors of a Silly Symphony, the production design of a Busby Berkeley musical, raw, 300 style ultra-violence, all set to an operatic score. I'm guessing French enfants were familiar with the Perrault story but man, oh. man, this is truly the grimmest of fairy tales. Know what to expect but definitely try to track this down."
Movie title is The Brahma Diamond, Genres are Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Change of Heart, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is 'Jean Smart is a tower of strength as married mother of two who follows a hunch one afternoon and tracks her husband of 20 years to a hotel room--where he\'s cozily wrapped in a white terrycloth robe and making chit-chat with a strapping man in a matching towel. His secret\'s out! Of course this is all cliché by now, and some viewers will bemoan that fact and give up right there, but the TV film "A Change of Heart" addresses these issues with a lot of forceful emotion and realistic exchanges. There\'s hurt, and anger, and tears, but it doesn\'t sink into sap. The male lover isn\'t given any dimensions--and seems to have a great home of his own, so why were they meeting in a hotel?--and the teenagers involved are tiresomely belligerent, but Jean Smart is the acting centerpiece here and she does the movie a world of good. Her speech to the board of directors where she and her husband work is flawlessly handled, and her bravura spirit at the end will give a lot of viewers hope. A good actress can do that.'
Movie title is A Child of the Forest, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Edwin S. Porter, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Choosing a Husband, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cricket on the Hearth, Genres are Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Charles Dickens,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Criminal Hypnotist, Genres are Crime,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Day After, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mary Pickford, Plot is Bongwan, who runs a small publishing house in Seoul, wakes up early, very early this morning. Why is that so? To his wife who asks him for an explanation, Bongwan answers only elusively. He then sets off for work and while walking through the dark streets, he thinks of the woman who left him a month before. Later on, at the office, he meets Areum, his new secretary, a pretty young woman who takes on her first day of work. Meanwhile, at home, Bongwan's wife discovers a love poem written by him. She sees red and rushes like a fury into the publishing office. Mistaking poor Areum for her husband's mistress, she physically attacks her.
Movie title is The Deception, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Incident from Don Quixote, Genres are Short, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Edgar Allan Poe, Genres are Biography,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Eradicating Auntie, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Expiation, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Fair Exchange, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Eliot,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fools of Fate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Foundling: A Dressing Room Waif, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The French Duel, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fuss and Feathers, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Heart of a Clown, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is 1776, or The Hessian Renegades, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hindoo Dagger, Genres are Drama,Mystery,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Duty, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are O. Henry,Frank Powell, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Lost Love, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Reformation, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Wife's Mother, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Wife's Visitor, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The House of Cards, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Edwin S. Porter, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is I Did It, Genres are Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Watches of the Night, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Window Recess, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Indian Runner's Romance, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Indian Trailer, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jilt, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Jones and His New Neighbors, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lady Helen's Escapade, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Romance, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La lumière retrouvée, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lines of White on a Sullen Sea, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Little Darling, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lochinvar, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley,Walter Scott, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love Finds a Way, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La légende de l'arc-en-ciel, Genres are Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Maid of the Mountains, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mamma, Genres are Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Man with Three Wives, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Maniac Cook, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Medicine Bottle, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mexican's Gratitude, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mountaineer's Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mrs. Jones' Lover; or, 'I Want My Hat', Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Necklace, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods,Guy de Maupassant, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Custer's Last Stand, Genres are Action,Drama,History, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is One Busy Hour, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is One Touch of Nature, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Destiny of Paul Wang, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Viggo Larsen, Writers are Viggo Larsen, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Peachbasket Hat, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pippa Passes; or, the Song of Conscience, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Robert Browning,D.W. Griffith,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Politician's Love Story, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pranks, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Prince and the Pauper, Genres are Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley,Mark Twain, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ranchman's Rival, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Restoration, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Road Agents, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Road to the Heart, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Rose of the Tenderloin, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Rural Elopement, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sacrifice, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are O. Henry,D.W. Griffith, Plot is Alexander, a journalist and former actor and philosopher, tells his little son how worried he is about the lack of spirituality of modern mankind. In the night of his birthday, the third world war breaks out. In his despair Alexander turns himself in a prayer to God, offering him everything to have the war not happen at all.It is Alexander's birthday, and his family have gathered at his remote cottage to celebrate. The celebrations are marred, however, first by conventional family intrigue, then by the terrifying news that the low-flying jet planes signalled the start of a nuclear war between the superpowers. As the family attempts to cope, Alexander is troubled by extraordinary dreams, and then informed by the unfathomable philosopher-postman, Otto, that he has the power to redeem the world, including his dear young son, if only he will visit the solitary Maria, who Otto insists is a witch.Alexander is an aging actor and writer who has taken retirement from acting and writing. He is shown to be playfully talking to a little boy he calls as the "Little Man" to whom he describes how his mother and he met. In Alexander's birthday,his family gathers at his cottage in the pastoral lands when the terrifying news that the low-flying jet planes signalled the start of a nuclear war between the superpowers. Alexander's dreams and the real world are somehow shown to have merged into some dreamy scenes which are hauntingly long and uncoordinated. As the family attempts to cope, Alexander vows to God in his dreams that he would "sacrifice" everything he loves in order to save this world from the catastrophe caused by nuclear weapons. He is met by the queer post-man Otto in his dreams who tells him to seek help of Maria who is supposed to be a witch with powers and only whose love can bring in peace. At the end it appears like Alexander has woken up from his dream and does distinctly similar things he happened to witness in his dreams. He puts his house on fire and watches it from a distance when his family arrives and puts him into a van that indicates him to be mentally ill and been taken to an asylum. He runs to Maria, the maid for help. At the end "Little Man" is shown to water the dead tree he and Alexander had planted looking up to it waiting for it to bloom someday, while Maria cycles and reaches to see the van once again carrying Alexander, indicating "Little Man" might as well be the child born out of love between Maria and Alexander, not being able to ever confess it to the world might be the guilt that made Alexander "Sacrifice" everything.
Movie title is The Salvation Army Lass, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Edward Sheldon, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Seventh Day, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Sherlock Holmes VI, Genres are , Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Sister's Love, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Slave, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Spanish Girl, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Strange Meeting, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Sweet Revenge, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Tender Hearts, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Test, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is They Would Elope, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is 'Tis an Ill Wind, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Troublesome Satchel, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Violin Maker of Cremona, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are François Coppée,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Voice of the Violin, Genres are Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Wanted, a Child, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Way of Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is We Must Do Our Best, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What Drink Did, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What's Your Hurry?, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is With Her Card, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Wooden Leg, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Across the Plains, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Angel of the Studio, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Harry Solter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Arms and the Woman, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is As the Bells Rang Out!, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Away Out West, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Bad Man's Christmas Gift, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Rough Night on the Bridge, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gaston Méliès, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Bearded Bandit, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Briton and Boer, Genres are Action,Short,War, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Broken Doll, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Belle Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Redemption, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Pawnee Bill's Far East, Genres are Short, Directors are William James Craft, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Call to Arms, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Call, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is 'Referenced in ', ' (1943)', 'This is a movie about Sahara missionary Charles De Foucauld whose youth was racy but who finally heard the call of the silence (title)that is to say the call of God .', 'Much to the credit of the movie,the writers do not lay stress on the hero\'s "wild existence ":he scandalized his military superiors by taking his lover with him when he\'d sent to the Sahara and had to give up a career of arms.', 'Most of the time is given over to the edifying part of the man\'s life.He first heard the "call " in the desert and he pointed out to his compatriots that " Muslims believe in God,we just pretend we do").Then in a church a picture of Christ - Turin Shroud style- strengthened him in his vocation.The modern world which was quickly changing at the turn of the century ,the new inventions (cinema,cars ,telephone) ,the traffic on the streets ,all this seemed to scare him and he realized he did not share the same values as his former social class anymore.', 'He became a "marabout" ,which was a strange name for a Christian .He lived in the desert ,among the Touaregs (the director shows respect for them:they speak their own language ,not some "pidgin\' French " like in many adventures movies.He was killed by rebels from Tripolitaine ,soon after (should we believe the writers) reading the gospel when Judas betrayed Jesus.', 'The movie was made on a subscription basis .The direction was not equal to the situation and the actors are not convincing enough.A macabre clock (that seems to come straight from Lang\'s "Metropolis")marks out the years .Foucauld died in 1916.'
Movie title is Carminella, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Child's Stratagem, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Belle Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Circle C Ranch's Wedding Present, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Common Enemy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Otis Turner, Writers are Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Conscience, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Converts, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Course of True Love, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Courtship of Miles Standish, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Otis Turner, Writers are Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Cowboy's Vindication, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Dancing Girl of Butte, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Davy Crockett, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Desperado, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Duke's Plan, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Engineer's Romance, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Englishman and the Girl, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Examination Day at School, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Farmer's Daughter, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Fatal Picnic, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Flower of the Ranch, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For Her Sister's Sake, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Edwin S. Porter, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Gentleman Joe, Genres are , Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La fille d'Arizona, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Joseph A. Golden,Theodore Wharton,Louis J. Gasnier, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Father's Pride, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Terrible Ordeal, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His New Lid, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are S. Walter Bunting, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Honor of His Family, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hoodoo, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The House with Closed Shutters, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The House of the Seven Gables, Genres are Drama,Short,Thriller, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley,Nathaniel Hawthorne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Impalement, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Season of Buds, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mary Pickford,Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Indian Girl's Awakening, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Indian Wife's Devotion, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jewel Case, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lady and the Burglar, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Land of Oz, Genres are Fantasy,Short, Directors are Otis Turner, Writers are L. Frank Baum,Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Forty Years in the Land of the Midian, Genres are Biography,Drama,Family, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Madison C. Peters,Rollin S. Sturgeon, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Long Trail, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love Among the Roses, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love of Chrysanthemum, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Luck of Roaring Camp, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Bret Harte,Edwin S. Porter, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La fille du Niagara, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Pierce Kingsley, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La couverture du cheval, Genres are Short, Directors are Segundo de Chomón, Writers are Segundo de Chomón, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fairy Bookseller, Genres are Fantasy,Short, Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Marked Time-Table, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Marked Trail, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is May and December, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are Mary Pickford,Frank Powell, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Messaline, Genres are Short, Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mexican's Faith, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Michael Strogoff: A Courier of the Czar, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley,Jules Verne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Midnight Cupid, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Millionaire and the Ranch Girl, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mistaken Bandit, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mohawk's Way, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are James Fenimore Cooper,Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mother's Devotion; or, the Firing of the Patchwork Quilt, Genres are Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Never Again, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The New Stenographer, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George D. Baker, Writers are Van Dyke Brooke, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Newlyweds, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Not So Bad as It Seemed, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are Stella W. Collard,Dell Henderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is One Night, and Then --, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Outlaw's Sacrifice, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Padre's Secret, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are William F. Haddock, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Paganini, Genres are , Directors are Albert Capellani, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pals of the Range, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Phoenix, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Milton Nobles, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Plain Song, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pride of the Range, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Princess and the Peasant, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ranger's Bride, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Recruit from 64, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are Alexander Christian,Urban Gad, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Rich Revenge: A Comedy of the California Oil Fields, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Rocky Road, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Romance of the Western Hills, Genres are Romance,Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Seal of the Church, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are William F. Haddock, Writers are Robert Goodman, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Serious Sixteen, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sheriff's Sacrifice, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Smoker, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Summer Idyl, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Taming a Husband, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Thread of Destiny, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La Joconde, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Albert Capellani, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Trail to the West, Genres are , Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Two Little Waifs, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mrs. James H. Ryan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Unexpected Help, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Unknown Claim, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Up San Juan Hill, Genres are Action,Drama,Short, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Edward McWade, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Vampire, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Rudyard Kipling, Plot is ' (1971)'
Movie title is Waiter No. 5, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Bernardine R. Leist, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Way of the World, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Western Chivalry, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Western Maid, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is When the World Sleeps, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Woman Hater, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stronger Love, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Across the Plains, Genres are Adventure,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson,Josephine Rector, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Adventures of a Baby, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is After the Ball, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are Anthony Donnelly, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Aggressor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince,George Loane Tucker, Writers are Herbert Brenon, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Aida, Genres are Music,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel,J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Angel of Paradise Ranch, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Angel of the Slums, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Bertram Millhauser, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Artful Kate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At a Quarter of Two, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At the Break of Dawn, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At the Duke's Command, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At the Threshold of Life, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Awakening of John Bond, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel,Charles Brabin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Back to the Primitive, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs,Otis Turner, Writers are Edward McWade,Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Backwoodsman's Suspicion, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Battle, Genres are Action,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Behind the Stockade, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince,George Loane Tucker, Writers are George Loane Tucker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Best Man Wins, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Tom Ricketts, Plot is "It's not just the turning of tables in this cartoon that I find so funny, but the large number of gags. Because Terry turned out these cartoons on such a tight schedule and such a tight budget (the distributor, Pathe, was not the home of big-budget production), most of the Fables would be a basic idea, several well-worn gags, and get on to the next cartoon. Clearly this one inspired the staff to greater heights than usual."
Movie title is Mary's Convert, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La Jolie Petite Bonne, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Black Arrow, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are Charles M. Seay,Robert Louis Stevenson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Biograph Fantasy in the Land of Flowers, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Harriet Quimby, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bobby, the Coward, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Dell Henderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Border Ranger, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cattle Rustler's Father, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cattleman's Daughter, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Caught with the Goods, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Chief's Daughter, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Child Crusoes, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Marison Ziegfeld, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Coffin Ship, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Conscience, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Conspiracy Against the King, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are H.B. Marriott Watson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Count and the Cowboys, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Courting of Mary, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are James Kirkwood,George Loane Tucker, Writers are George Terwilliger, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Puncher's Law, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Cure for Crime, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dad's Girls, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Otis Turner, Writers are Otis Turner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Dead Man's Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Death of Nathan Hale, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Declaration of Independence, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Decree of Destiny, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Virginia K. Tucker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Desert Claim, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le devoir et l'honneur, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Henri Andréani, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La digue, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Abel Gance, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Doctor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Dog's Tale, Genres are , Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fair Dentist, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Faithful Indian, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fisher Folks, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Harriet Quimby, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fishermaid, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Flo's Discipline, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Harry Solter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For the Queen's Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Thomas H. Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Four Poster Pest, Genres are , Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is From the Bottom of the Sea, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Geranium, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are W.A. Tremayne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl Back East, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl and the Motor Boat, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Gordian Knot, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are R.F. Baker, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Gun Man, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Awakening, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Hero, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Van Dyke Brooke, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Sacrifice, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hidden Mine, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Daughter, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Belle Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Friend's Wife, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Harry McRae Webster, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Mother's Scarf, Genres are Romance,Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Harriet Quimby, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Nemesis, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Sister's Children, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Home, a Thanksgiving Story, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is ' (2014)'
Movie title is The Honeymooners, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is ' is credited as Jeff Eagle, ', ' as John Dupree and ', ' as C.J. Lange. The title is written Honey Mooners.', 'References ', ' (1970)', "The legendary porn director Bob Chinn visited Manhattan to make the spoof THE HONEYMOONERS. It's not up to the quality level of his HARD SOAP, HARD SOAP in a similar vein, and not on a par with contemporary films by indigenous Gotham filmmakers.", 'John Leslie teams up with Jeffrey Hurst to impersonate Jackie Gleason and Art Carney, rather poorly. They are elevator repairmen, who take time out to hump the apartment dwellers, chief amongst them C.J. Laing. When the deep-throating queen Laing is satiated, she calls in her BFF Terri Hall, who also displays quality deep-throat technique.', 'The very cute Jean Dalton is a bright spot as Alice, not called upon to imitate Ms. Meadows. Recurring attempts at comedy (notably accidental electric shocks that cause boners) consistently fall flat, leaving Chinn with basically an all-sex number. Running time is effectively padded with an orgy, introducing Ultramax and Ursula Austin into the mix.'
Movie title is How Betty Won the School, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How Mrs. Murray Saved the American Army, Genres are Action,Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How She Triumphed, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Linda Arvidson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How Sir Andrew Lost His Vote, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Richard Harding Davis, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In Old California When the Gringoes Came, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Lanier Bartlett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In Sunny Spain, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Days of Chivalry, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Days of Gold, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Hobart Bosworth,F.E. Montgomery, Writers are Hobart Bosworth,F.E. Montgomery, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sultan's Garden, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are William H. Clifford,Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Indian Brothers, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Indian's Sacrifice, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Infant at Snakeville, Genres are , Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An International Heart Breaker, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Italian Barber, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Italian Blood, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Bernardine R. Leist, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jealous Husband, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith,Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lost Years, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Richard Foster Baker, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Leading Lady, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Ned Finley, Writers are Allen Johnston, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lighthouse Keeper, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lily of the Tenements, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Little Nell's Tobacco, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Thomas H. Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Winsor McCay, the Famous Cartoonist of the N.Y. Herald and His Moving Comics - The First Artist to Attempt Drawing Pictures That Will Move, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Short, Directors are Winsor McCay,J. Stuart Blackton, Writers are Winsor McCay, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Long Road, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Bernardine R. Leist, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lost in the Arctic, Genres are Action,Adventure,Drama, Directors are William V. Mong, Writers are William V. Mong, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Perdue dans le Jungle, Genres are Action,Adventure,Drama, Directors are Otis Turner, Writers are Otto Breitkreutz,William V. Mong, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love Heeds Not Showers, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Owen Moore, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love and Hatred, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Roy Norton, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lucky Card, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Madame Rex, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mary Pickford, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Madman, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Making of a Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are R.L. Bond, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Man for All That, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Manly Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Master and the Man, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Maud Muller, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Ulric Blair Collins,John Greenleaf Whittier, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Meeting of the Ways, Genres are Drama,Family,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Message in the Bottle, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mike's Hero, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Millionaire and the Squatter, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Minute Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mirror, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Thomas H. Ince, Plot is When a young girl becomes lost in the hustle and bustle of Tehran, her journey turns into a dazzling exercise on the nature of film itself. In this ingenious and daringly original feature, world renowned director Jafar Panahi (The White Balloon, Crimson Gold) has wrapped a blunt political critique inside the layers of a deceptively simple film.A girl in traditional female clothing, with her arm in plaster, comes out of school one day and doesn't find her mother meeting her. She decides to travel home herself, although she doesn't know her address and remembers the road only visually.
Movie title is The Modern Dianas, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Money to Burn, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Unknown, Plot is ' (2017)', 'I caught this film a few years ago at about 3am on local TV.', 'The quality of this production is reminiscent of "After School Specials" of the 1970s and 80s, but cruder. In a way it is among the worst films I have ever seen, and like a train wreck I just couldn\'t stop watching it. The plot is filled with absolutely unnecessary exposition combined with forced plot manipulation. ', 'Set in LA the film is a snapshot of the early Regan years in a bizarre naive sort of way. The characters of the two teenagers, "Pops" the mastermind of the heist, and his daughter all capture an innocent optimism.', 'If you have a taste for crude film making, I highly recommend this film.'
Movie title is The Mountain Law, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mustang Pete's Love Affair, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are E. Mason Hopper, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is On the Desert's Edge, Genres are Action,Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Out from the Shadow, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Outlaw Samaritan, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Outlaw and the Child, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Outlaw Deputy, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Pal's Oath, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Par habitude, Genres are Comedy, Directors are Max Linder, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Paradise Lost, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Frank Powell,Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is 'A five-minute recap from "Lost" gives the storyline: Jon Dough needs to be married before his next birthday to get his inheritance; otherwise the fortune will go to Madonna\'s "Sexual Fitness Foundation" (please wait for the big laugh). He ends up stranded on a deserted island, where he\'s greeted by busty beauty Kia, whose name happens to be Paradise.', 'In Part 2 titled "Paradise Lost", a sailboat crew of captain Marc Wallice and beautiful women including Jon\'s fiancee Krista, are still searching for him. Several sex scenes later they find him and he insists on taking Kia back to civilization with him. Movie falls apart at that point, with a marriage ceremony taking place on a tennis court (!) attended only by Kia & Jon and the reverend marrying them. Suddenly after Jon\'s cum shot (with Kia still wearing her wedding veil), we\'re back on the boat and Krista seduces Kia, clearly bad continuity. Surprise ending is utterly stupid. The careless continuity is telegraphed early on when Captain Wallice\'s eye-patch switches from eye to eye between scenes.', 'Pure escapism, this stupid exercise was obviously shot to be cut up into individual sex scenes, with the nonsensical story proven to be irrelevant.'
Movie title is Picciola; or, the Prison Flower, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Poisoned Flume, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Allan Dwan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Power of Good, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Primal Call, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Priscilla's Engagement Kiss, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Frank Powell, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Profligate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Lanier Bartlett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les aventures d'un petit homme, Genres are Short, Directors are Segundo de Chomón, Writers are Charles Perrault,Segundo de Chomón, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Puncher's New Love, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Race with Death, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Rattlesnakes and Gunpowder, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Rédemption, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Reform Candidate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Rise and Fall of Weary Willie, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Romance on 'Bar O', Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Story of the Rose, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Joseph W. Smiley,George Loane Tucker, Writers are King Baggot, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Schoolmaster of Mariposa, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Lanier Bartlett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Science, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Mark Twain, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Silent Tongue, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le siège de Calais, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Skating Bug, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sky Pilot, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Spanish Gypsy, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Spike Shannon's Last Fight, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Stage Romance, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stampede, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Thomas H. Ince, Plot is '.'
Movie title is The Stolen Dog, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stuff That Dreams Are Made Of, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Subduing of Mrs. Nag, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George D. Baker, Writers are Van Dyke Brooke, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Sweet Memories, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Thomas H. Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Tell-Tale Knife, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are William Duncan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Their First Quarrel, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince,George Loane Tucker, Writers are George Loane Tucker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Thief and the Girl, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Through Darkening Vales, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Thwarted Vengeance, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Toss of a Coin, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Tribe's Penalty, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Two Fugitives, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Two Officers, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Two Reformations, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Two Sides, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Uncle Hiram's List, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Unveiling, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are F.P. Bayer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Unwilling Cowboy, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are William F. Haddock, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Van Bibber's Experiment, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Richard Harding Davis, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Western Girl's Sacrifice, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Western Hearts, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Joseph A. Golden, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What Shall We Do with Our Old?, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is When a Man Loves, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Terwilliger, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is When a Man's Married, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The White Medicine Man, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Francis Boggs, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The White Red Man, Genres are Short,Thriller,Western, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Edwin S. Porter, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The White Rose of the Wilds, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Bret Harte,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Winds of Fate, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Wreath of Orange Blossoms, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Belle Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Actor's Romance, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Theo Frenkel, Writers are Roy L. McCardell, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Adam and Eve, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Adventure of the Italian Model, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are B.R. Brooker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Alaska-Siberian Expedition, Genres are Documentary, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Alcalde's Conspiracy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alias Billy Sargent, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike Bests Broncho Billy, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike Plays the Devil, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike Stung!, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike's Boarding House, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike's Pants, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is All for a Girl, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Frederick A. Thomson, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Ambitious Butler, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An American Invasion, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is As You Like It, Genres are , Directors are J. Stuart Blackton,Charles Kent,James Young, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At Cripple Creek, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Hal Reid, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is At It Again, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'enfant du village, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Hal Reid, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Atop of the World in Motion, Genres are Documentary, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le bagnard, Genres are , Directors are Theo Frenkel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is 'They do not do movies like this today and I\'d add " fortunately"."Le Bagnard" tells the story of a doctor who gambles his money away and is so short of the readies that the bailiff is knocking at his door...And one of his patients has just died from a heart attack ..after a morphine injection...and his body is hidden in a cupboard in the office. That\'s just the beginning.The rest is simply implausible,as Dr Geronimo (sic)is sent to a penal colony and will finally redeem his soul .', "A voice over ,as if it were not enough,tries to make us care for the poor man's fate ,preaches and finally raises his hat to a sinner who showed,in spite of the quirks of fate,great moral fiber.", "The most extraordinary thing in this sanctimonious tale is that there're no scenes of the chain gang. .Perhaps these scenes were filmed then banned by the censorship ,not to frighten French people:it is not pleasant to know how you treat men in Guyanne,across the sea.", 'Which does not matter anymore anyway.', 'Like this?try these.....', '"le Secret De Soeur Angèle" Leo Joannon', '"Le Révolté " Leon Mathot'
Movie title is The Ball Player and the Bandit, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Francis Ford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Battle in the Virginia Hills, Genres are Short,War, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Battle of Pottsburg Bridge, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Battle of Wits, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Storm Boyd, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Squaw's Strategy, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are William Eagle Shirt,Thomas H. Ince,Ray Myers, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Battleground, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Omer F. Doud, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Une bête aux abois, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sissy Cowboy, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Bell of Penance, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Charles Kiener, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bella's Beaus, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Billy McGrath's Love Letters, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Billy and the Butler, Genres are Crime,Short,Thriller, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Blind Love, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Maie B. Havey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Blinks and Jinks, Attorneys at Law, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Boss of the Katy Mine, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Brave Little Woman, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Tom Ricketts, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Brown's Seance, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Fred Mace, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Brutality, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Captain Barnacle's Messmates, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Casey at the Bat, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are James Young, Writers are Ernest Lawrence Thayer,James Young, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Chains, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Archer MacMackin, Writers are Louella Parsons, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Chief's Blanket, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Wilfred Lucas, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Child's Devotion, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Children Who Labor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Ethel Browning, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Clod, Genres are , Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is United States History Series #9: The Close of the American Revolution, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Clown's Triumph, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Herbert Brenon, Writers are Herbert Brenon, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What Happened to Mary? Episode 6, Genres are Short,Thriller, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Bannister Merwin,James Oppenheim, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Colonel's Peril, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Ford,Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Colonel's Son, Genres are , Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is À la conquête du pôle, Genres are Adventure,Horror,Sci-Fi, Directors are Georges Méliès, Writers are Georges Méliès,Jules Verne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Convict's Parole, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin S. Porter, Writers are Bannister Merwin,Melvin G. Winstock, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cry of the Children, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Nichols, Writers are Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cub Reporter's Big Scoop, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Cure for Pokeritis, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Laurence Trimble, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Curfew Shall Not Ring Tonight, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Hal Reid, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Custer's Last Raid, Genres are Action,Adventure,Biography, Directors are Francis Ford, Writers are Richard V. Spencer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Cutting California Redwoods, Genres are Documentary,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Dam Builder, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Desperate Lover, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Diamond Cut Diamond, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Don César de Bazan, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Theo Frenkel, Writers are Philippe Dumanoir,Adolphe d'Ennery, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Double Reward, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dr. Jekyll et Mr. Hyde, Genres are Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi, Directors are Lucius Henderson, Writers are George F. Fish,Luella Forepaugh,Robert Louis Stevenson,Thomas Russell Sullivan, Plot is Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men: a good side and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two, man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug it is already too late.Testing his theory that in every man dwells a good and an evil force, the reserved Dr. Jekyll develops a formula that separates the two, turning him into a violent ruffian named Mr. Hyde. Thinking he has found the answer to one of life's grandest mysteries, Dr. Jekyll soon realizes he is becoming addicted to his darker self as he unleashes his violent side on earthy dance-hall girl Ivy and fights Hyde to regain control of his body.Henry "Harry" Jekyll is a well respected member of London society. In his personal life, he is pre-engaged to Muriel Carew, the daughter of a brigadier general. In his professional life, he is a medical doctor, scientist and academician. He theorizes that in each man is a good side and an evil side which can be separated into two. In doing so, the evil side can be controlled and the good side can live without worry, in combination leading to the betterment of society. In his experiments, he uses himself as the subject to test his hypothesis. His evil side, who he coins Mr. Hyde, escapes into London, and terrorizes party-girl Ivy Pierson. Jekyll, aware of Hyde's goings-on, decides to stop his experiments because of the suffering he has caused Ivy. What Jekyll is unaware of is how ingrained Hyde is in Jekyll's life.Dr. Henry Jekyll (pronounced "jeekle") (Fredric March), a kind English doctor in Victorian London, is playing the organ when his butler, Poole (Edgar Norton), reminds him that he has a 3 p.m. appointment to deliver an address to his colleagues and students. Jekyll calls Poole a necessary nuisance, then puts on his cape and top hat, and grabs his cane before stepping into a horse drawn carriage.Jekyll is led into a large room, with tiered seating, and a lectern at the front. Every seat is filled with men anxious to hear what he has to say. Jekyll begins by offering his view that the fog of London has clouded the minds of it's people, in that they cannot see the potential of science to free men's souls. It is the soul of men, the human psyche, that he has been obsessed with studying. He has concluded that man does not possess a single soul, but two. One is good, the other is bad, or evil, and we are all involved in an eternal struggle over which of the two will prevail. Jekyll believes that if we could eliminate the evil soul, then there would be unlimited potential for good in the world. He said he has been experimenting with how to do that, and he claims to be very close.As the lecture ends and the audience leaves, most of them are very skeptical and dismissive of Jekyll's claims. As for Jekyll, he goes from the lecture hall to a hospital where he checks on his indigent patients in the "Free Ward." He encourages one young girl on crutches to throw down the crutches and walk. She doesn't believe she can, but when she tries, she is successful. Jekyll believes that demonstrates the power of the mind. Another patient, Mrs. Lucas, is in need of an operation, which Jekyll patiently, and with empathy, convinces her to have. He does the operation himself, resulting in his missing a previously scheduled dinner with his fiance, her father, and many invited guests.After completing the operation on Mrs. Lucas, Jekyll hurries over to the home of Brigadier General Sir Danvers Carew (Halliwell Hobbes), and his daughter Muriel Carew (Rose Hobart). Muriel is Jekyll's fiancé. General Carew tells Jekyll that in 40 years, he'd never been late for a dinner, and he didn't understand why Jekyll was. Jekyll just compliments the general on his reliability.Jekyll and Muriel escape the after dinner dancing to go outside on the patio and discuss their marriage plans. Jekyll tells her that he doesn't want to wait, that he wants to get married immediately. Muriel empathizes and tells him she'd like to get married soon too, but she can't go against her father's wishes. Jekyll tries to convince her of the depth of his love, telling her that his scientific work used to be the force that drew him to delve into the unknown in life, but now it's her eyes, and her face. They embrace and kiss until Carew's butler, Hobson (G.L. McDonnell) comes and tells Muriel that people are asking for her.Jekyll basically pleads with the general to approve an earlier marriage for him and Muriel, that he doesn't want to have to wait for eight months. The general tells Jekyll that he set that date because it's the same date that he married his wife, and he had to wait five years to marry her. He won't change his mind. Jekyll leaves the house with his friend, Dr. Lanyon (Holmes Herbert), furious at General Carew and referring to him as "the old walrus." He then speaks to Lanyon about how there should be no boundaries to science or life.There's a disturbance nearby as a man is attacking a woman outside a boarding house, knocking her to the ground. Jekyll hurries over and pushes the man away, then bends over to assist the woman. She seems to be hurt, so he picks her up and asks a bystander where her room is. He then carries her up to her room and puts her on her bed. The woman, Ivy Pearson (Miriam Hopkins), works at a nearby musical hall, singing and otherwise providing entertainment to the male patrons. She is astonished that this handsome stranger should be so concerned and attentive towards her. Jekyll is obviously aware of her charms, as well, and he rests his hand on her leg (which was bruised), while suggesting that she should not wear her garters so tight.He is about to leave, when she complains about her ribs hurting. He checks her side and tells her she'd be fine, advising her to get into her bed. So, after telling him to turn away, she strips all of her clothes off, teasing him by flinging her garters at him, then gets into her bed. As Jekyll approaches to say goodnight, she grabs him, drawing him towards her and kissing him. He doesn't try to pull away. At that moment, Dr. Lanyon walks into the room and is shocked at what he sees. Jekyll stands up and tells Ivy that her kiss will serve to pay his fee. She implores him to come back soon.As they walk away, Lanyon chastises Jekyll, telling him he's disgusted by Jekyll's behavior. Jekyll doesn't seem ashamed, nor does he apologize. He simply takes advantage of the moment as another opportunity to emphasize the two competing natures of man, good and evil. Jekyll does admit to Lanyon that he longs to be "clean" in his life, both inside and out.Back home in his basement laboratory, Jekyll is smoking a pipe and sorting through various vials of chemicals on a table. Poole comes in and expresses his concern that Jekyll has not been eating or sleeping for several days. Jekyll waves off the concern and continues working. After Poole leaves, Jekyll mixes several of the chemicals together in a glass beaker, until he's satisfied that it's the right combination. He then rushes up the stairs and locks the door to the lab before returning to his task. He writes an "if I die" note to Muriel, explaining that he's doing what he's about to do in the name of science.Jekyll then drinks the concoction he'd prepared, and it almost immediately affects him. He grabs at his throat and becomes dizzy. He experiences flashbacks to recent events and conversations pertaining to his work, and his engagement to Muriel. Jekyll's physical features change dramatically, as his hair becomes bristly, his eyebrows thicken, his nostrils flare, and his teeth enlarge and protrude. He utters a maniacal laugh, as he suddenly feels powerful and free of inhibitions.Jekyll starts to put on a coat and hat so he can go outside, but right then Poole pounds on the lab door, wanting to know if everything is all right. He heard noises. It's Hyde who answers in a gruff voice, further worrying Poole that something may be wrong. Hyde hurriedly prepares another concoction and drinks it, reversing the effects of the first drink and returning him to his Jekyll form. He then opens the lab door and explains to Poole that what he'd heard was a friend of his, and that the man had left through the back door.Muriel tells Jekyll that she and her father are taking a trip to Bath for a week or so. Jekyll is upset, as he doesn't want to be away from her for any length of time. He again attempts to persuade her to marry him now, with or without her father's permission. She wants to, but she won't risk alienating her father's affections.Jekyll later receives a letter from Muriel advising him that she and her father will remain in Bath for an entire month. Jekyll is not happy. His man Poole suggests he go to London to take advantage of the many entertainment opportunities there for a man of his youth and desires. Jekyll refuses, believing that he must behave himself, to prove himself worthy of Muriel and her father. However, that doesn't necessarily pertain to Hyde, so Jekyll decides to partake of his concoction again. He goes about mixing it up, taking a few drops of this and a dash of that (it's not at all precise), then he drinks it. He grunts, groans, chokes, and grimaces as his body and mind undergo the tortuous transformation.This time, Hyde does make it outside, where it's raining and the streets are abandoned. Hyde pauses to remove his hat and turns his face up, into the falling rain, relishing the feel of it. He puts his hat back on and heads straight to Diadem Court in Soho, where Ivy lives. Ivy's landlord, Mrs. Hawkins (Tempe Pigott), does not like Hyde being there and wants him to leave. She informs Hyde that Ivy is working at the music hall, so Hyde hurries over there.Hyde bumps into a man at the entrance to the music hall and glares at him, daring him to take issue with the encounter. The man shies away. Hyde then makes his way inside and takes an empty table located in a little alcove above the main floor. He orders a bottle of champagne and scans the floor for Ivy. The waiter pours some champagne, and sets the bottle down, then waits, expecting a tip. Hyde tells him to get lost, and when the waiter mumbles something as he leaves, Hyde reaches out with his cane and trips him.Hyde spots Ivy, just as she's breaking into the song, "Champagne Ivy Is My Name." Hyde sends the waiter to go invite Ivy to come over and have some wine with him. The waiter implores Ivy to go over to Hyde's table, concerned about what might happen if she refuses. So, she goes, and she's shocked by Hyde's appearance. Hyde wants her to join him in a toast to her body and beauty, so she allows him that much, but then she tries to leave. He blocks her path and tells her that a woman like her deserves nothing but the best and infers that he's in a position to give it to her. When she asks how she would get all the things he mentioned, he says, "how do you think?" He then tells her that he has lots of money.The male patron who was sitting with Ivy earlier in the evening comes to Hyde's table and demands that she return to sit with him. Hyde breaks the bottle of champagne and thrusts the broken end at the man, causing him to give up his claim on Ivy. Ivy tries to leave again, telling Hyde she is going home. He grabs her and tells her she can't go. He tells her, "I want you and I get what I want. I love you. You come with me."Dr. Lanyon arrives at Jekyll's house to deliver a message from General Carew. The general is concerned that Jekyll is not answering Muriel's letters. Poole tells Lanyon that Jekyll isn't home and there are times when he doesn't see him for days.Mrs. Hawkins goes to see Ivy in room and tries to counsel her to stop seeing Mr. Hyde, that he's mean and no good and she needs him out of her life. Ivy tells Mrs. Hawkins that it's not as simple as that, that Mr. Hyde won't leave her alone. Hyde comes into the apartment at that moment and demands to know what Mrs. Hawkins is doing there. When she says she came for the rent, he tells her she'll get it when it's due. She says, "yes, sir," and quickly leaves.Hyde demands to know what Ivy and Mrs. Hawkins were talking about. She says, "nothing." Hyde fondly refers to Ivy as "my little bird" at first, but before long, he's referring to her as a "trull," for preferring Jekyll to him. He says, "tell me you hate me!" She refuses. He says, "do you love me?" Fearing him, she says, "yes sir." Hyde isn't really interested in her answers, because he knows she's terrified of him. He just takes pleasure in badgering her and forcing her to do his will.Hyde has learned that Muriel and her father are returning from Bath, so he tells Ivy that he has some bad news, he must go away for a few days. He asks if that pleases her and she says, "no, sir." He knows it does, so he tells her that she belongs to him and she'd better not misbehave while he's gone. He says, "you don't know when I'll be back." He then wants to know if she wants him to leave right away, if she would have him not even stay that one last night. She's shaking as she tells him she would like him to stay the night, just as he wants. He responds, "yes, just as I want," and as he moves towards her and she falls onto the bed and starts crying. As Hyde puts his hand on Ivy's thigh, he observes that she ought not to wear her garters so tight, then he grabs her and kisses her.Later, Jekyll is back home, with numerous letters from Muriel sitting on the table in front of him. He realizes he needs to get control of Hyde, so he takes the key to the back door, looks at it disgustedly, and throws it across the room. He tells Poole that from now on, he'll be coming and going only through the front door. He then writes a message to Ivy and sends Poole to deliver it.Ivy is telling Mrs. Hawkins that she wishes Hyde would just go ahead and kill her, rather than continuing to torment her. Mrs. Hawkins wants her to go to the police, but Ivy said no one cares about a woman like her, so they wouldn't do anything.Ivy opens the note sent to her by Jekyll. Inside is a 50-pound note. Mrs. Hawkins encourages Ivy to go and thank Jekyll in person, and perhaps he'll also offer to help her out with regards to Mr. Hyde.Jekyll goes to see Muriel and tells her that he'd been ill, that his soul was sick. He tells her that he'd been playing with dangerous knowledge and he needed her to help him find his way back to his safer self. She is very willing to help him, but isn't sure what he's talking about. Jekyll also apologizes to the general, after which he and Muriel implore the general to consent to an earlier marriage, so they can be together and she can help Jekyll. The general says no. He tells Jekyll that he's too flighty and impatient. Muriel remains persistent, however, and the general finally relents and consents to the marriage to take place the next month.Jekyll is delirious with happiness, as he rushes home and sits down at his organ and plays a fast-paced, happy tune. His playing is short-lived, as Poole answers the door and announces that Miss Ivy Pearson was there to see him. When Ivy walks in and sees that Jekyll is the same man who tended to her that night the man was roughing her up, she is very pleasantly surprised. She returns the fifty pounds to Jekyll, telling him she cannot accept it, because it could put her at risk. She then turns away from him and reveals the whip marks across her upper back. She explains the marks were put there by a jealous and violent Mr. Hyde, and that she was so frightened of him, that she'd even tried to drown herself, but couldn't.Ivy begs Jekyll to help her deal with Mr. Hyde, and that if he wouldn't, or couldn't, then to at least give her some poison so she could kill herself. Jekyll feels horrible and consoles Ivy. He asked why she hadn't gone to the police. She explained how that could just make things worse. Ivy tells Jekyll that she's a "looker" and would do anything at all Jekyll would ask of her, if he'd just help her. Jekyll almost kisses her, but instead he just tells her that he would see to it that Hyde never bothers her again. She was skeptical and terrified, at first, but ultimately she believed he meant what he said.Invitations to a dinner to formally announce Jekyll's and Muriel's upcoming wedding were sent out on behalf of the general. The night of the dinner, Jekyll was on his way to the general's home, walking through a park. He pauses to watch and listen to a bird singing, and he speaks out loud to the bird, "you are not born to die." As he continues to watch, a cat appears, attacking and killing the bird. That upsets Jekyll so much, he begins changing back to Hyde. He's obviously distressed as he says, "oh, no."When the transformation is complete, Hyde says, "but it is dead!" and he slithers off to go see Ivy.Hyde quietly enters Ivy's apartment as she's having a glass of wine and feeling pretty good about things, since Jekyll was on her side now. She's horrified when she sees Hyde. Hyde tells her he knows all about her and Jekyll and shocks her by repeating things that only she and Jekyll could have known about. Hyde calls her "my little bird" and "my little starling," as he tells her that he's her angel, that he and Jekyll are one and the same. He then puts his hands around her neck and applies pressure. She breaks away and he chases her, eventually catching her over by her bed, where he chokes her to death.Other residents of the boarding house hear the commotion in Ivy's room and when Hyde runs out, some men try to stop him, but he escapes. A policeman comes and Mrs. Hawkins tells him about Mr. Hyde. Hyde runs home, but since he no longer has a back door key, he hurries around front and bangs on the door for Poole. Poole opens the door, but then quickly slams it in Hyde's face, telling him that his master is not home.General Carew says goodbye to the last guest to leave the wedding announcement dinner, then tells Muriel that he's going to cane Jekyll the next time he sees him. He forbids Muriel to ever see or associate with Jekyll again. Muriel argues with her father, telling him she's sure that Jekyll has a good explanation for why he missed the dinner and that she wants to give him a chance to explain.Hyde goes to a bar and writes a note that he then hands to a male waiter, with directions to deliver it to Dr. Lanyon. The waiter delivers the note to Dr. Lanyon at his home. The note requests the doctor to go to Jekyll's laboratory and gather together six labeled vials of specified chemicals and bring them home, then wait for a courier to come get them.Hyde goes to Lanyon's house, telling the doctor that he was sent by Jekyll to pick up the vials. Lanyon takes Hyde into his study, where the vials on in a box, but before he turns them over, he demands that Hyde take him to see Jekyll. Hyde refuses and reaches for the box. Lanyon pulls a gun and threatens to shoot unless Hyde takes him to Jekyll. Hyde decides he'll just have to mix the drink and take it there, but he first warns Lanyon that he's about to see something transpire that he can never tell anyone about. Hyde then mixes and drinks the chemicals.Dr. Lanyon is aghast at what he witnesses, as Hyde transforms to Jekyll. Jekyll cowers before Lanyon, confessing that he's a murderer and pleading for Lanyon to help him. Lanyon isn't at all sympathetic to Jekyll's plight, telling him there would be no help or mercy coming his way. He tells Jekyll that he's under the power of the monster he created. Jekyll promises to fight that control, to never mix and drink the chemicals again, and finally, to give up Muriel.Jekyll is wracked with guilt for what Hyde has done and he prays to God for forgiveness and help. He then goes over to the general's house, where the general refuses to allow him entrance, but Muriel demands they receive Jekyll. Jekyll comes in and the general leaves the room. Jekyll tells Muriel that he's setting her free because he now is among the living damned, beyond help, that he has no soul and is perched in hell. Muriel cradles him in her lap and tries to get him to tell her what's wrong. She tells him she'll help him, no matter what it is. Jekyll kisses her, then pulls himself away and tells her it is his penance, to give her up, and he leaves.As he exits the house, Jekyll pauses at the patio door and witnesses Muriel with her head resting against her piano keyboard, sobbing. The scene upsets him so much that he once again transforms into Hyde and he quietly opens the patio door and approaches her. When he puts his hands on her waist and leans forward and kisses her on the back, she turns expectantly, thinking that Jekyll had returned. When she sees Hyde, she screams. Her screams bring Hobson and General Carew running and they engage in a scuffle with Hyde. The fight spills out onto the patio, where Hyde takes his cane to the general, striking him multiple times in the head, killing him. Hyde runs as the police arrive and give chase, blowing their whistles.Hyde gets home and into the lab, locking himself in, and quickly preparing the reverse potion so he can change back to Jekyll. Meanwhile, Dr. Lanyon is at the general's home and recognizes Jekyll's broken cane lying next to the general's body. The police head for Jekyll's house, where two of them break down the door to the lab. By then, Hyde has transformed back to Jekyll and he attempts to send them back outside and on the trail of Hyde, but Dr. Lanyon arrives and points at Jekyll and tells the police, "that's your man."The police are obviously confused and skeptical, but as they consider what to do next, Jekyll begins transforming back to Hyde. He charges Lanyon, attempting to exact revenge on the doctor for betraying him, but the police turn him back. He then climbs some high shelves in the lab and brandishes a knife. One of the policeman draws a pistol and shoots Hyde before he can do anything with the knife. Hyde transforms back to Jekyll as he dies.
Movie title is The Dream of a Motion Picture Director, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Edwin Middleton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Driver of the Deadwood Coach, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Drummer Girl of Vicksburg, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Drummer's Vacation, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Duel, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Dumb Wooer, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Will Louis, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Last Performance, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Georg af Klercker, Writers are Charles Magnusson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Early Days in the West, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Easter Bonnet, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Every Inch a Man, Genres are Crime,Short, Directors are William Humphrey, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Faith Healer, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Henry C. Carey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fall of Montezuma, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are Harry McRae Webster, Writers are Harry McRae Webster, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Flirting Mixup, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Father, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Having scared off his latest caregiver, Anthony, an ailing octogenarian Londoner gradually succumbing to dementia, feels abandoned when his concerned daughter, Anne, tells him she's moving to Paris. Confused and upset, debilitated by his rapid mental decline and warped perspective, Anthony loses his grip on reality as he struggles to navigate the opaque landscape of the present and past. As a result, fading memories and glimpses of lucidity trigger sudden mood swings, distorting Anthony's surroundings, loved ones, and even time. But why has his younger daughter stopped visiting? And who are the strangers that burst in on Anthony?A series of vignettes, often building upon themselves, is presented from the perspective of Anthony, an elderly Londoner, in his home. The next in the series often contradicts the previous, leading to the question of what is real and what is in Anthony's mind, possibly of things from his past that are no longer, in the one thing that is certain: that Anthony suffers from Alzheimer's. Those vignettes that are not from his perspective show what is real in his life: that he has an adult daughter Anne and that Anthony has only recently moved in with her and her husband Paul in Anthony driving away the caregivers that Anne had hired for him when he lived on his own. While Anne loves her father, their relationship is often strained in his waning lucidity and the negative effect his constant presence is having on her marriage. Her ability to carry out a life independent of him is compromised if she cannot find further support in care for him. She doesn't want to take the final step of having him placed in a home, but she may have no other alternative if his situation worsens or if her own personal situation, irrespective of him, changes.Anne (Olivia Colman) visits her father Anthony (Anthony Hopkins) in his flat after he becomes belligerent with his recent caretaker. Anthony has dementia and constantly forgets important life events and where things are around his flat, including his watch, despite the fact that he places it in the same place every day. He tells Anne he thought his recent caretaker stole his watch and that he will never leave his flat. Anne tells Anthony she plans to leave London and move to Paris to live with her new boyfriend, which confuses Anthony since he states she's married to James. Anne tells him they've been divorced for five years and leaves.The next day, Anthony sees an unknown man Paul (Mark Gatiss), and is confused by him living in his flat. Paul states that Anthony lives with him and Anne. Anne returns from the market with chicken for dinner and appears as a different woman (Olivia Williams). This confuses Anthony to the point of frustration. Anne schedules for a new caretaker interview in his house, Laura (Imogen Poots), in which Anthony claims he was a professional dancer and that he doesn't need any living assistance. Anthony later states after she is hired that she reminds him of his other daughter Lucy, whom he hasn't talked to for months for reasons he is unaware of.Anthony is taken to a doctor by Anne and is asked about his memory; he claims he has no memory problems. Anthony tells Laura about how proud he is of his daughter Lucy, who is a painter. Laura tells him she is very sorry about Lucy's accident, to which Anthony says he's unaware what she's referring to. Laura drops the subject and moves on, giving him his medication. Over the course of the film, it is revealed that Anthony has really been living in Anne and Paul's flat for years, but believes he still lives in his private flat. The night Anne comes back with the chicken from the market, she and Paul (Rufus Sewell) have an argument over a vacation to Italy they had to cancel in order to deal with the fallout of Anthony's earlier belligerent behavior to the caretaker, and about how much Anne sacrifices for her father. Paul, this time played by Mark Gatiss, asks Anthony how long he plans to stay in their flat and annoy everyone, leading to Paul slapping Anthony to the point of crying.Anthony wakes up in his room and walks out of the flat, only to find himself in a hospital hallway. He remembers his daughter Lucy (Imogen Poots) died in a car accident at the hospital. He sees her bloody body in the hospital room then wakes up in a completely different bedroom, now in a nursing home. His nurse, Catherine (Olivia Williams), checks in on him and informs him Anne has moved to Paris with Paul and visits on occasional weekends. Another nurse, Bill (Mark Gatiss), also visits during their interaction. Anthony has an emotional breakdown over his inability to understand the world anymore and Anne's disappearance and states he wants his mother and proclaims that he is "losing his leaves." Catherine comforts him as he cries and tells him she'll take him outside to the park later that day.The film ends with a shot of leaves on a tree.
Movie title is The Fear, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is ' (Freddie) both later starred in ', ', portraying Jorah Mormont and Bronn.', 'This was the best series i have ever seen on television it really was, the storyline was great and the acting was spot-on, Iain Glen (Carl) played a chillingly real role in the film, he was perfectly cast as the gang leader, London was an interesting and happening place to live at that time, unlike now, its a toilet. I was in a gang just like this one at the time, so i know from experience what it was really like, i had a great time being in the gang/firm whatever you want to call it, it really was that way where i lived in North & South London, a lot of the scenes from the series actually happened to me and people i know, the series was a mirror image of life at that time, money and ultra violence was everywhere. It was VERY VERY exciting and things were changing all the time on a daily basis, the series shows this very well in all manner of ways, it was not just what you saw on screen, but what you never saw, it was very cleverly made and directed, i don\'t think they could show the series now on television, as its all become far too PC now, they swapped "The Sweeney" for the bill and it all went rapidly downhill from there, i really hate it. The series portrays a time that is long gone and will never return, mores the pity. Over the years i have really wanted to see this series again but have not been able to. I would love to be able to buy a copy of this series if anyone has a copy, please let me know and you can consider it sold, kind regards everyone, Gerard.'
Movie title is Feathertop, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Nathaniel Hawthorne, Plot is ' (1912)'
Movie title is A Feud in the Kentucky Hills, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le fils de Charles Quint, Genres are Short, Directors are Adrien Caillard, Writers are Adrien Caillard, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The First Violin, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Flower Girl's Romance, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For Freedom of Cuba, Genres are , Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For His Son, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For the Cause, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Francis Ford,Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Forest Rose, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Theodore Marston, Writers are Emerson Bennett,Theodore Marston, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le friquet, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Maurice Tourneur, Writers are Gyp,Maurice Tourneur,Willy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is From the Submerged, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Theodore Wharton, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Furs, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Gamblers, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Charles Klein, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl in the Caboose, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl in the Next Room, Genres are Action,Comedy,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Alexander F. Frank, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The God Within, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are F.P. Bayer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Governor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Harold M. Shaw, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Grannie, Genres are , Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Green-Eyed Monster, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are William L. Graylord, Plot is 'Referenced in ', ' (1975)'
Movie title is The Gypsy Flirt, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Anthony Coldeway, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Harbor Island, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are Walter Nichols, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Helen's Marriage, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Earl Hodge, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Choice, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are Beta Breuil,Ralph Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Dressmaker's Bills, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Kid Sister, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Heredity, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Mother's Hope, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Mother's Picture, Genres are Drama,Family,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Wife's Stratagem, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Holy City, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Étienne Arnaud, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Home Folks, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How Father Accomplished His Work, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How Jim Proposed, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Pat Hartigan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How a Mosquito Operates, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Short, Directors are Winsor McCay, Writers are Winsor McCay, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Illumination, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles L. Gaskill, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In His Father's Steps, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Elemental World, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Christy Cabanne, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the North Woods, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith,Wilfred Lucas, Writers are Stanner E.V. Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Indian Romeo and Juliet, Genres are Romance,Short,Western, Directors are Laurence Trimble, Writers are Hal Reid,William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Indian Summer, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Indian Uprising at Santa Fe, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Insurgent Senator, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Bannister Merwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Empire Builders, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Francis Ford,Thomas H. Ince, Writers are C. Gardner Sullivan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Guerrillas of Algiers; or, The Mosque in the Desert, Genres are Short,Thriller,War, Directors are Emile Chautard,Maurice Tourneur, Writers are Maurice Tourneur, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jewels, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Juvenile Love Affair, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Charles Kent, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Katchem Kate, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Dell Henderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Kentucky Girl, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Kings of the Forest, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Colin Campbell, Writers are Otto Breitkreutz,Colin Campbell, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Behind Comedy's Mask, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Urban Gad, Writers are Urban Gad, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Laurel Wreath of Fame, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Law of the West, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Goose Girl, Genres are Fantasy,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Mary Pickford, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Après les ténèbres, la lumière renaît, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are A.E. Coleby,Theo Frenkel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Like Knights of Old, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, Genres are History,Short, Directors are J. Stuart Blackton,James Young, Writers are Beta Breuil,Abraham Lincoln, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Little Bride of Heaven, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Mary Imlay Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Little Organ Player of San Juan, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Colin Campbell, Writers are Lanier Bartlett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Loan Shark, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Locked Out, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Joseph A. Golden, Writers are Bertram Millhauser, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Locket, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Allan Dwan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Lodging for the Night, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lord Browning and Cinderella, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Josephine W. Crawford, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lord and the Peasant, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Love Test, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love on Tough Luck Ranch, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Making Uncle Jealous, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Primitive Mind, Genres are Adventure,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith,Jack London,Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Matinee Mix-Up, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Al Christie, Writers are Al Christie, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Matter of Business, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Melody of Love, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mexican Tragedy, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Midnight Elopement, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mind Cure, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mother of the Ranch, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mr. Fix-It, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mr. Pickwick's Predicament, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Charles Dickens, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mrs. 'Enry 'Awkins, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke,Maurice Costello, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Napatia, the Greek Singer, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Narrow Road, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The New Member of the Life Saving Crew, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Harold M. Shaw, Writers are Herbert E. Morgan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The New Neighbor, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le chapeau de New York, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Anita Loos,Frances Marion, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Non-Commissioned Officer, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Nurse, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Pat Powers, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le nègre blanc, Genres are , Directors are Abel Gance, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oh, Those Eyes, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Juanita Bennett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oh, You Ragtime!, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Étienne Arnaud, Writers are Étienne Arnaud, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Old Bookkeeper, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Belle Taylor, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Old Reporter, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Harold M. Shaw, Writers are Edward J. Montagne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oliver Twist, Genres are Drama, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Charles Dickens, Plot is ' classic tale, an orphan wends his way from cruel apprenticeship to den of thieves in search of a true home.The immortal characters of Charles Dickens' classic novel come to life in this film., Oliver Twist, a penniless orphan in 19th century London is fleeing the cruelty of the workhouse and he's forced to join a band of young thieves headed by the notorious Fagin and the evil Bill Sikes. But when the greedy cutthroats threaten Oliver's only chance for happiness, the gentle-hearted boy must summon the courage to fight for his freedom and future.Based on the Charles Dickens novel, this movie is about an orphan boy who runs away from a workhouse and meets a pickpocket on the streets of London. Oliver is taken in by the pickpocket and he joins a household of young boys who are trained to steal for their master. This version of Oliver Twist is topped by Sir Alec Guinness' masterly performance of archthug Fagin.A young woman in labor makes her way to a parish workhouse and dies after giving birth to a boy, who is systematically named Oliver Twist (John Howard Davies) by the workhouse authorities. As the years go by, Oliver and the rest of the child inmates suffer from the callous indifference of the officials in charge: beadle Mr. Bumble (Francis L. Sullivan) and matron Mrs. Corney (Mary Clare). At the age of nine, the hungry children draw straws; Oliver loses and has to ask for a second helping of gruel ("Please sir, I want some more").For his impudence, he is promptly apprenticed to the undertaker Mr. Sowerberry (Gibb McLaughlin), from whom he receives somewhat better treatment. However, when another worker, Noah, maligns his dead mother, Oliver flies into a rage and attacks him, earning the orphan a whipping.Oliver runs away to London. The Artful Dodger (Anthony Newley), a skilled young pickpocket, notices him and takes him to Fagin (Alec Guinness), an old Jew who trains children to be pickpockets. Fagin sends Oliver to watch and learn as the Dodger and another boy try to rob Mr. Brownlow (Henry Stephenson), a rich, elderly gentleman. Their attempt is detected, but it is Oliver who is chased through the streets by a mob and arrested. A witness clears him. Mr. Brownlow takes a liking to the boy, and gives him a home. Oliver experiences the kind of happy life he has never had before, under the care of Mr. Brownlow and the loving housekeeper, Mrs. Bedwin (Amy Veness).Meanwhile, Fagin is visited by the mysterious Monks (Ralph Truman), who has a strong interest in Oliver. He sends Monks to Bumble and Mrs. Corney (now Bumble's domineering wife); Monks buys from them the only thing that can identify Oliver's parentage, a locket containing his mother's portrait.By chance, Fagin's associate, the vicious Bill Sykes (Robert Newton), and Sykes' kind-hearted prostitute girlfriend (and former Fagin pupil) Nancy (Kay Walsh) run into Oliver on the street and forcibly take him back to Fagin. Nancy feels pangs of guilt and, seeing a poster in which Mr. Brownlow offers a reward for Oliver's return, contacts the gentleman and promises to deliver Oliver the next day. The suspicious Fagin, however, has had the Dodger follow her. When Fagin informs Sykes, the latter becomes enraged and murders her, mistakenly believing that she has betrayed him.The killing brings down the wrath of the public on the gang - particularly Sykes who attempts to make his escape by taking Oliver hostage. Clambering over the rooftops, and with climbing rope hung around his neck, Sykes is shot by one of the mob and is accidentally hanged as he loses his footing. Mr. Brownlow and the authorities rescue Oliver. Fagin and his other associates are rounded up. Monks' part in the proceedings is discovered, and he is arrested. He was trying to ensure his inheritance; Oliver, it turns out, is Mr. Brownlow's grandson. For their involvement in Monks' scheme, Mr. and Mrs. Bumble lose their jobs at the workhouse. Oliver is happily reunited with his newly found grandfather and Mrs. Bedwin, his search for love ending in fulfillment.
Movie title is On Donovan's Division, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Harold M. Shaw, Writers are Hanson Durham,Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The One She Loved, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Out of the Depths, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Outcast Among Outcasts, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith,Wilfred Lucas, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Outlaw's Sacrifice, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Over a Cracked Bowl, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Tom Ricketts, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Pair of Baby Shoes, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Tom Ricketts, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Passing Shadow, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Penitent, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Minister's Daughter, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Adolf Gärtner, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is La pierre philosophe, Genres are , Directors are Abel Gance, Writers are Abel Gance, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Plot That Failed, Genres are Short,Thriller, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Pony Express Girl, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Pat Hartigan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Power of a Hymn, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Prospector, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Arthur Mackley, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Pueblo Legend, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Question of Seconds, Genres are Short,Thriller, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Quincy Adams Sawyer, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Justin Adams,Charles Felton Pidgin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Quo Vadis?, Genres are Drama,History, Directors are Enrico Guazzoni, Writers are Henryk Sienkiewicz,Enrico Guazzoni, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ranch Girl's Trial, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Reckoning, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Red Wing and the Paleface, Genres are Adventure,Romance,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Rivals, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Robin Hood, Genres are Adventure,Drama,Romance, Directors are Étienne Arnaud,Herbert Blaché, Writers are Eustace Hale Ball, Plot is An imaginative Disney version of the Robin Hood legend. Fun and romance abound as the swashbuckling hero of Sherwood Forest and his valiant sidekick plot one daring adventure after another to outwit the greedy Prince John (Sir Peter Ustinov) and his partner as they put the tax squeeze on the poor.Prince John (Sir Peter Ustinov), an immature lion, rules England as heartlessly tyrannical regent for his crusader brother King Richard Lionheart (Sir Peter Ustinov). Robin Hood (Brian Bedford), Little John (Phil Harris), and Friar Tuck (Andy Devine) cleverly revolt against over-taxation and general oppression by the Sheriff of Nottingham (Pat Buttram) and other royal men. Robin wins the heart of royal ward Marian (Monica Evans). Regular methods fail to catch Robin, Prince John organizes an archery tournament, which the country's best archer just can't resist.A vindictive fox made out to be the hero. Robin Hood (Brian Bedford) goes around helping the poor people of Nottingham fight the tyrannical reign of Prince John (Sir Peter Ustinov). As Robin fights for the people, things just keep getting worse as the Prince takes out all of his frustration on his poor citizens. Robin's bravery and love for his people is what makes him a worthy foe for the Prince, as he tries to exterminate Robin's existence.Robin Hood is a heroic outlaw, who is setting out to free his impoverished village from Prince John and the corrupt Sheriff of Nottingham. Luckily, Robin has his faithful friend and sidekick Little John to help him on his heists by stealing from the rich and giving to the poor, but Robin still longs to have Maid Marian's hand in marriage. This will ultimately prove to be a difficult task for Robin, because the childish Prince wants the outlaw arrested. But the villagers still won't tolerate the Prince's tyranny any further or the Sheriff constantly swindling them. In order to save the village from being ruined and get King Richard back to reclaim his rightful place on the throne, Robin and Little John decide to take a stand against Prince John and the Sheriff of Nottingham.Told with animals for it's cast, the story tells of Robin Hood (a fox) and Little John (a brown bear), who rob from the rich to give to the poor.The beginning of the film has the two tricking Prince John (a lion), and Sir Hiss (a snake). John has usurped the true ruler, King Richard, whom Sir Hiss hypnotized into going off on a Crusade. Robin and Little John disguise themselves as fortune tellers, and make off with a number of items from John's royal carriage.Eventually, Prince John and Sir Hiss make it to Nottingham, wherein taxes are collected by the 'honorable' Sheriff of Nottingham (a wolf). After collecting funds from the local blacksmith (a dog), the Sheriff pays a visit to a windowed bunny and her family. Her eldest son Skippy has turned 7, and his present of a farthing is snatched away by the Sheriff for tax-reasons. As the Sheriff leaves, an old blind fox enters, and reveals to the family that he's Robin Hood. Robin then gives a bow and arrow, as well as his hat to Skippy, and the young rabbit's spirits are lifted by the generous gift.Skippy, his two sisters, and turtle friend go out to try the bow and arrow. Skippy's first shot sends the arrow into Prince John's castle. Skippy sneaks in to retrieve it, but finds himself face-to-face with Maid Marian (a fox), and Lady Cluck (a hen). Marian and her lady-in-waiting then invite the children in, where they discuss Marian's love for Robin Hood, and play a game, wherein Lady Cluck pretends to be Prince John.Meanwhile, in Sherwood Forest, Robin Hood and Little John are relaxing, when they are visited by Friar Tuck (a badger), who explains of an archery tournament held by Prince John, with the winner receiving a kiss from Maid Marian. Against Little John's cautions, Robin decides they should attend.Robin disguises himself as a long-legged stork, and Little John disguises himself as a Duke. Robin ends up winning the tournament, but is found out by Prince John, who used the tournament as a way to capture the rogue. Before Robin can be executed, Little John creates a diversion, and soon, the entire archery grounds become a free-for-all, before Robin, Little John, Maid Marian, and Lady Cluck are able to escape into Sherwood Forest.Later on that evening, in Sherwood Forest, a celebration is held, with a song mocking Prince John, as 'The Phony King of England.' The song is then echoed throughout Nottingham, and soon the Sheriff is singing it as well. Prince John, infuriated by this insubordination, increases the taxes to the point where the inability to pay taxes puts much of the townsfolk in jail. When the Sheriff ends up going to the church and taking funds from the Poor Box, Friar Tuck attacks the Sheriff, and is arrested as well.Prince John is still upset that he still has not captured Robin Hood, and decides to hang Friar Tuck, to lure Robin into rescuing the 'corpulent cleric.'Robin Hood and Little John manage to sneak into the castle, and along with rescuing all those in prison, manages to make off with all of Prince John's gold. Little John is able to get everyone out, except for Skippy's youngest sister. Robin Hood manages to get her out in time, but is trapped inside the castle. The Sheriff of Nottingham chases Robin with a flaming torch. During their fight, the torch ends up setting the castle aflame, before Robin plunges into the moat, evading the Sheriff's and Prince John's clutches.In the aftermath, King Richard finally returned from the Crusades, and has Prince John, Sir Hiss and the Sheriff put to work breaking rocks. At the same time, Robin Hood and Maid Marian are married, to the happy cheers of the townspeople of Nottingham.
Movie title is The Root of Evil, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Sailor's Heart, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Wilfred Lucas, Writers are Wilfred Lucas, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sands of Dee, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Charles Kingsley, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The School Teacher and the Waif, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Sheriff's Inheritance, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Arthur Mackley, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Siege of Petersburg, Genres are Short,Thriller,War, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Silent Jim, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Skinflint, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is So Near, Yet So Far, Genres are Crime,Romance,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Soldier Brothers of Susanna, Genres are Drama,Family,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Song of the Shell, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are Ralph Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Spanish Revolt of 1836, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Charles Kiener, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Spirit Awakened, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Stenographers Wanted, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Stranger at Coyote, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Reginald McKinstry, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Little Singer, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edmund Lawrence, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A String of Pearls, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Bernardine R. Leist, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dr. Goudron's System, Genres are Horror,Short, Directors are Maurice Tourneur, Writers are André de Lorde,Edgar Allan Poe, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Tangled Marriage, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lost Child, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Temporary Truce, Genres are Action,Short,Western, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Thirty Days at Hard Labor, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are O. Henry, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For Her Brother's Crime, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Tomboy Bessie, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are William E. Wing, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Tomboy on Bar Z, Genres are Crime,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Totville Eye, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Tourists, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Transformation of Mike, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Wilfred Lucas, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Treasure Island, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Robert Louis Stevenson, Plot is Former pirate Billy Bones boards at the seaside inn operated by Jim Hawkins and his mother and confides his dread of discovery by his old cohorts to the young boy. After Bones' death, Jim shares his treasure map with the reputable gentry, Dr. Livesey and Squire Trelawney, who organize an expedition to recover the buried loot. Long John Silver, a charming but ruthless rogue, is able to infiltrate the ship with his pirate co-conspirators and mercilessly murders loyal crew members. In the subsequent struggle with the mutineers over the buried gold, half-witted marooned pirate Ben Gunn may hold the key to victory.
Movie title is The Brand of Death, Genres are Romance,Short,Western, Directors are Wallace Reid,Otis Turner, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Twilight, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is In the dense and murky woodlands of provincial Hungary, the search for a child murderer drags a once-respected detective into an all-consuming obsession enshrouded by irresolution and despair, even long after he has been taken off the case. What emerges is not a crime story, but a harrowing venture through the darkness of the human soul.
Movie title is Undine, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lucius Henderson, Writers are Lloyd Lonergan,Friedrich de La Motte, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Tiger and the Fakir, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Henry J. Vernot, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Victoria Cross, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Hal Reid, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Violin of M'sieur, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are James Young, Writers are William Addison Lathrop, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Virtue of Rags, Genres are Drama,Fantasy,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Charles Dickens,Edward T. Lowe Jr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Von Weber's Last Waltz, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is War's Havoc, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Water Nymph, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is What Katie Did, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles M. Seay, Writers are Charles M. Seay, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is When Joey Was on Time, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Charles M. Seay, Writers are Richard Ridgely, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is White Roses, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Widow's Second Marriage, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Winking Parson, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Page Spencer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is 'Arriet's Baby, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Adventure in the Autumn Woods, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Christy Cabanne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alas! Poor Yorick!, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Colin Campbell, Writers are Colin Campbell, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike's Automobile, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike's Misfortunes, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Alkali Ike's Mother-in-Law, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ambassador's Daughter, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ambassador's Envoy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Reginald Barker, Writers are Richard V. Spencer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Voice Upstairs, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Herbert Brenon, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is And His Wife Came Back, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are James Young, Writers are James Young, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Angel of the Canyons, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Annie Laurie, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lawrence B. McGill, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Another Man's Wife, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Art and Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are F. Hopkinson Smith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Ashes of Three, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Stewart Edward White, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Ole Brandeis' Eyes, Genres are Drama,Fantasy, Directors are Stellan Rye, Writers are Hanns Heinz Ewers, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Auto, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Awakening of a Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Baby Day, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Wilfred Lucas, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Back to Life, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are M. de la Parelle, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Bad Game, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Barbarous Mexico, Genres are Documentary, Directors are Unknown, Writers are H. Hood, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Barry's Breaking In, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are James Oppenheim, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Battle for Freedom, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Battle of Shiloh, Genres are Drama,War, Directors are Joseph W. Smiley, Writers are Emmett C. Hall, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Blanc contre nègre, Genres are , Directors are Ubaldo Maria Del Colle, Writers are Arrigo Boito,Renzo Chiosso,William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Big Boss, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Frederick Sullivan, Writers are Lu Senarens, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Big Horn Massacre, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Blood Red Tape of Charity, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edwin August, Writers are Edwin August, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Blue Rose, Genres are Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are E.M. Nelson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bragg's New Suit, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Charles M. Seay, Writers are Charles M. Seay, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bread Cast Upon the Waters, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broken Nose Bailey, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are John G. Adolfi, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy and the Maid, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy and the Step-Sisters, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's First Arrest, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Gratefulness, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Gun Play, Genres are Adventure,Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Squareness, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Ward, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Way, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Brother's Loyalty, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Primitive Man, Genres are Adventure,Drama,Sci-Fi, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Bryant and the Speeches, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Budd Doble Comes Back, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Colin Campbell, Writers are Frank Clark, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is By Man's Law, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Christy Cabanne, Writers are William E. Wing, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Calamity Anne, Detective, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Louise Lester, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Captured by Strategy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Castro in New York, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Caught in the Act, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is "Problem is that the uncredited script (attributed in IMDb to director English) is quite weak, failing to create interesting situations or any snappy dialog. English's direction is competent but this one-dimensional opus never really catches fire.", "Film (evidently shot on 35mm rather than the video production in dominant use back in the '90s) begins with something of a flash-forward by presenting Celeste taking a shower, the full footage of which is shown again later in context. Her amazing (though fake) jugs and nipples command the screen and are a sight to behold, all wet yet.", "She gives her cheating husband Marc Wallice his walking papers due to the infidelity, so Wallice goes to his personal attorney Joey Silvera for help. Silvera concocts a scheme to defraud Celeste out of her just divorce desserts by hiring gigolo Steven St. Croix to fulfill the movie's title, and lure her into her own infidelity, and provide evidence of same to use against her in court or divorce settlement.", "What follows is perfunctory plot developments leading to an oh-so predictable happy ending. It certainly wouldn't pass muster (or get green-lighted) as a mainstream production script, and is rather tiresome even in Adult Cinema.", "But Celeste is amazing, not only servicing her real-life husband Woody Long but others, and just an amazing screen presence in or out (preferably) of clothes. Supporting femmes are effective, including Nina Hartley, perfectly cast as a married woman (of a certain age, already mid-career) using St. Croix's gigolo services on a weekly basis, Nikole lace as an enticing nymphette and especially Anna Malle, almost upstaging the film's star as Silvera's sexy secretary. ", "Male cast is not so invigorating, with St. Croix stuck in a cornball role that doesn't stretch his talents, Wallice a see-through villain, and Silvera merely along for the ride late in his acting career."
Movie title is A Chance Deception, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Christy Cabanne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cheese Special, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Allen Curtis, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Chelsea 7750, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are J. Searle Dawley, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Child of the Sea, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are Edward McWade, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Chopin Nocturne, Genres are Drama, Directors are Yakov Protazanov, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Claim Jumpers, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Burton L. King, Writers are Richard V. Spencer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Classmate's Frolic, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are Ralph Ince,Eugene Mullin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Coal, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jewish Soldier, Genres are Comedy,Short,War, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is College Chums, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Colonel Heeza Liar in Africa, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Family, Directors are John Randolph Bray, Writers are John Randolph Bray, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cracksman's Reformation, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are Willis Robards, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Cross Purposes, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid,Willis Robards, Writers are Bess Meredyth, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cubists, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Cupid and the Brick, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Cupid Versus Women's Rights, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Maurice Costello, Writers are W.A. Tremayne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Cure That Failed, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Daughter of the Wilderness, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Walter Edwin, Writers are Frank McGlynn Sr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Deacon Outwitted, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Dead Man's Shoes, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is With revenge etched in his mind, after the abuse of his autistic brother by the vicious local gang leader Sonny and his goons, Richard, a former paratrooper from British Army's Parachute Regiment, returns to his hometown of Matlock, Derbyshire. Now, no one is safe, and as army-trained Richard embarks on a bloody mission of meticulously planned carnage, one thing is certain: the grim avenging angel won't stop until justice is served. What is it like to walk in a dead man's shoes?Richard returns home from military service to a small town in the Midlands. He has one thing on his mind: revenge. Payback for the local bullies who did some very bad things to his brother. At first his campaign employs guerrilla tactics, designed to frighten the men and put them ill at ease. But then he steps up his operation, and one by one these local tough guys are picked off by the terrifying angel of vengeance that Richard has become.The story revolves around the character of Richard (Paddy Considine), a paratrooper returning to his small home town of Matlock in the Peak District. Richard has returned home from the army to exact revenge on the tormentors of his mentally disabled younger brother Anthony. In the opening line of the film, Richard narrates "God will forgive them. He'll forgive them and allow them into Heaven. I can't live with that." Richard and Anthony camp at an abandoned farm near the town, their reminiscences of childhood interspersed with flashbacks to Anthony's ordeal at the hands of the gang youth, and Richard's subsequent revenge. This revenge starts when the gang and their leader Sonny find out about his presence. He confronts Richard in a failed attempt to intimidate him. Richard's revenge begins with the older members of the gang. While they are asleep he sneaks into their house, wearing a green boiler suit and a gas mask. He spray paints one of the two men's hair multi-coloured and paints a target on the back of the other's suit. On the same evening he enters Sonny's house and applies make up to Sonny's face.However things soon turn nasty as Richard sneaks into a club where the gang are hiding out and playing cards and kills one of their members with an axe, using his blood to scribble the words "One Down" on the wall. The gang take their car and go to the farm where Richard is staying with Anthony. Sending in Big Al (one of their members) to draw Richard out, Sonny prepares to shoot him with a rifle. However, he misses and kills Al. With no bullets remaining in the gun he decides to quickly retreat and return back to town.The surviving members return to a local petrol station where Tuff runs off, scared of Richard's revenge. The other three return home, they search the house expecting Richard to be there. However while they are upstairs Richard laces their kettle with a sizeable amount of drugs (LSD/Ketamine) taken from the gang earlier in the film. The three men become too intoxicated to properly react to Richard's presence and he kills them one by one. He shoots Sonny in the head, palm-strikes Soz at such an angle that he is killed, and finally stabs Herbie. Before killing Herbie he reveals he has already killed Tuff, although it is not revealed how, by producing his corpse in a suitcase.With one member of the original gang left - a reformed character with a wife and children - Richard abducts him and takes him to an old outbuilding. It is now revealed that Anthony died long ago, hanging himself after the gang abandoned him with a noose around his neck. The Anthony that is seen with Richard throughout the film is, in fact, a hallucination. During this confrontation, Richard confesses to his heinous crimes, describing the blood on his hands, saying " Now I'm the monster...", and "You were supposed to be the monster...now I'm the fucking beast." He describes the crimes he's committed and is unsure of what else he's capable of doing, he also says that all he wants is to lie down with his brother, and demands the final gang member kill him, which he does, after Richard tells him to think of his children and begging him to kill him. The gang member is then shown distraught, with his hands covered in blood. He then leaves and the camera then pans across the landscape.
Movie title is The Dean's Daughters, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Walter Edwin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Delayed Proposals, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are James Young, Writers are L. Rogers Lytton,Eugene Mullin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Le diamant noir, Genres are , Directors are Alfred Machin, Writers are Alfred Machin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Dip Into Society, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Discovery, Genres are Comedy,Family,Romance, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Doctor's Duty, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Doctor's Photograph, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Walter Edwin, Writers are A.B. Cooper, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Drink's Lure, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Drummer's Note Book, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is During the Round-Up, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Christy Cabanne, Writers are Christy Cabanne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Echo of a Song, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are M. de la Parelle, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is 80 Million Women Want-?, Genres are Crime,Drama,Romance, Directors are Will Louis, Writers are B.P. Schulberg,Florence Maule Cooley,Lotta Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Elder Brother, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are Anne Merwin,Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is An Elephant on His Hands, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Al Christie, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Elite Ball, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is L'Évasion de Tom Mix, Genres are Action,Short, Directors are William Duncan, Writers are William Duncan,Tom Mix, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Esther, Genres are Short, Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Unknown, Plot is ' (1916)'
Movie title is Exoneration, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Giblyn, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Extremities, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Maurice Costello, Writers are Beta Breuil, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fatal Taxicab, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Sir John Falstaff, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Henri Desfontaines, Writers are William Shakespeare, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fanny's Constancy, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Alice A. Methley, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Phantom Crook, Genres are Crime,Drama, Directors are Louis Feuillade, Writers are Marcel Allain,Louis Feuillade,Pierre Souvestre, Plot is Princess Sonia Danidoff is staying at the Royal Palace Hotel, Paris, and withdraws $20,000 from the cashier's custody, placing the notes in a drawer in company with her magnificent rope of pearls. A few moments after a well-dressed stranger steps from behind the curtains and, with the coolest of sangfroid, steals the valuables in the very presence of the princess, and with a polite bow hands her his card and makes a dignified exit. Upon the card the name "Fantomas" slowly appears. The police are quickly upon the scene, but Fantomas, true to his nom de plume, has vanished. Inspector Robert Juve is the sleuth entrusted to track the mysterious marauder. But before Juve has time to move in the matter of the princess's jewels and cash, another escapade of Fantomas' is thrust upon him to investigate. Lord Beltham is missing. Juve calls on Lady Beltham, and in a man's hat finds the initial "G." With so slight a clue Juve tracks down "Gurn" (none other than the elusive Fantomas) to his lodgings and makes the ghastly discovery of Lord Beltham's dead body in one of "Gurn's" traveling trunks, and a packet of the special Fantomas cards establishes the connection between "Gurn" and Fantomas; they are one and the same man. Three months elapse. "Gurn" has been tried and condemned to die by the guillotine. Lady Beltham's name has not yet appeared in connection with the case, and the story goes that the murder was the outcome of a violent quarrel between "Gurn" and Beltham, yet she is enamored of the gentlemanly scoundrel and sets about seeking a method of escape for him. By means of liberal bribes, the aid of Warden Nibet is enlisted and he arranges an interview between the condemned man and Lady Beltham in a house overlooking the prison. That night a new play has been produced by a famous actor, Valgrand, who, acting the role of a condemned felon, adds a realistic touch by making up exactly to resemble "Gurn." At Lady Beltham's invitation, Valgrand, still made up as "Gurn," visits her at 2 A.M., and partaking of drugged coffee, is rendered incapable of action. Warden Nibet returns and takes back his prisoner, no longer "Gurn," alias Fantomas, but the unfortunate Valgrand, who goes through all the terrible preliminaries of a criminal's execution, aye, even to the point of being led to the guillotine, before inspector Juve makes the startling discovery that Fantomas has once more eluded him. Henceforth it is to be a fight between a clever, scheming, mysterious rogue on one hand, and inspector Juve, Chief of the Detective Dept. of Paris, on the other.Fantômas makes it as the emperor of Crime. First is the robbery at the Royal Palace Hotel. Then he abducts Lord Beltham. As Fantômas' fame increases actor Valgrand creates the rôle of public enemy No.1 on stage. Eventually Inspector Juve, with a little help from Fandor, arrests Fantômas and he is soon sentenced to die on the guillotine. But...
Movie title is The Farm Bully, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Farmer's Daughter, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Father's Choice, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Freak Coward, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George Nichols, Writers are Mack Sennett, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Jealous Husband, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George Nichols, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fatty's Flirtation, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George Nichols, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Favorite Son, Genres are Short,War, Directors are Francis Ford, Writers are Grace Cunard, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fight for Millions, Genres are Drama, Directors are Herbert Blaché, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fight for Right, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Oscar Apfel, Writers are James Oppenheim, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Fighting Chance, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are James Oliver Curwood,Ralph Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fighting Lieutenant, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are E.A. Martin, Writers are E.A. Martin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fire Bug, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Jack Wagner, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Flight of the Crow, Genres are Adventure,Romance,Short, Directors are E.A. Martin, Writers are Arthur Preston Hankins,Edward McWade, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Foiling Fickle Father, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is For Better or for Worse, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Foreign Spy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid, Writers are Hal Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Forgetful Flossie, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Fortune Hunters, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Les frères ennemis, Genres are , Directors are Henri Andréani, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Funny Regiment, Genres are Short, Directors are Maurice Tourneur,Joseph Faivre, Writers are Georges Courteline,Maurice Tourneur, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Gambler's Honor, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Anthony O'Sullivan, Writers are Harry Carey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Game of Cards, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ned Finley, Writers are Annabel Dwight, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Game of Poker, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Pool Shark, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Wilfred Lucas, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Feud, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Fred Niblo, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Gaynor and the Night Clubs, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl and the Outlaw, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Walter Edwin, Writers are Frank McGlynn Sr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Girl of the Sunny South, Genres are Drama, Directors are Travers Vale, Writers are Travers Vale, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Girl's Stratagem, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Saving Service Rewarded, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are William Duncan, Writers are Ethel C. Unland, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Governor's Daughter, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are Maibelle Heikes Justice, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Greater Influence, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Green Eye of the Yellow God, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Richard Ridgely, Writers are John Milton Hayes, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Gunmaker of Moscow, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are Sylvanus Cobb Jr., Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hallroom Girls, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hansom Driver, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Hard Cash, Genres are Action,Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Charles Reade, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Harvest of Flame, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid,Marshall Neilan, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hateful God, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Scott Sidney, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is He Would Fix Things, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Alice Williams, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is He Would a Hunting Go, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are George Nichols, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Heart of a Jewess, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Sidney M. Goldin, Writers are Lois Weber, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Heart of an Artist, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Funeral, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Helen's Stratagem, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Feud, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Innocent Marriage, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid, Writers are Theodosia Harris, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Mother's Oath, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are D.W. Griffith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Only Son, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are Malcolm Douglas, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Right to Happiness, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Carl Gregory, Writers are Lloyd Lonergan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Secretaries, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hero of Little Italy, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Grace C. de Sellen, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Heroic Harold, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hindoo Charm, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Maurice Costello, Writers are Eugene Mullin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Aunt Emma, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Awful Daughter, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Penance of Blind Power, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Romaine Fielding, Writers are Romaine Fielding, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Crooked Career, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Imaginary Family, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Carl Gregory, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is His Last Fight, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are Ralph Ince, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Homelock Shermes, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Hoodman Blind, Genres are Drama, Directors are James Gordon, Writers are Wilson Barrett,Henry Arthur Jones, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Hopi Legend, Genres are Romance,Short,Western, Directors are Wallace Reid, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The House of Darkness, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Jere F. Looney, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is How Hiram Won Out, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Hypnotist, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Ideal Wife, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Marc Henry,Hanns Heinz Ewers, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Firefly, Genres are Drama, Directors are Einar Zangenberg, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In Love and War, Genres are Drama,Short,War, Directors are Allan Dwan,Thomas H. Ince, Writers are Allan Dwan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is In the Bishop's Carriage, Genres are Crime,Drama, Directors are Edwin S. Porter,J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Miriam Michelson,B.P. Schulberg, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Infamous Don Miguel, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Kenean Buel, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Influence of the Unknown, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Christy Cabanne, Writers are Frank Griffin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Inside of the White Slave Traffic, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Frank Beal, Writers are Frank Beal,Samuel H. London, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Une Mêlée Infernale, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are William Humphrey, Writers are Ray Hanford, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Into the North, Genres are Adventure,Drama,Short, Directors are Theodore Wharton, Writers are Theodore Wharton, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Inventor's Sketch, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are G.T. Evans, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Jack London's Adventures in the South Sea Islands, Genres are Documentary, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Jan Vedder's Daughter, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are Gordon V. May, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Jealous Waiter, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Johnny Reb's Wooden Leg, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Joyce of the North Woods, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Ashley Miller, Writers are Harriet T. Comstock, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Just Brown's Luck, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Just Show People, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Walter C. Bellows, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Keys to Happiness, Genres are Drama, Directors are Vladimir Gardin,Yakov Protazanov, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Kiss, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Wallace Reid, Writers are Theodosia Harris, Plot is ' (2006)', 'Jim Enright outdoes himself with both visual and sexual style in this very arousing Jenna Jameson vehicle, a bit forgotten but worth revisiting.', 'Structure has Jenna writing in her journal, recounting how she hit big in porn after making a key contact that put her on a path reminiscent of the title heroine of the French classic "Story of O".', 'But it\'s not the story but rather the execution, in terms of set decoration, costuming and sexual choreography that sets "The Kiss" apart. Jenna in a red corset costume that juts her famous breasts out magnificently creates a memorable image and she is up to the task of portraying a neophyte centerpiece in a world of BDSM and fetish.', 'Mike Horner presides over the decadent sex with skill, and the great Nancy Vee is perfect as his resident uppity dominatrix.'
Movie title is Knights and Ladies, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lady in Black, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Dell Henderson, Writers are Anita Loos, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Lady of Quality, Genres are Drama, Directors are J. Searle Dawley, Writers are Frances Hodgson Burnett,J. Searle Dawley,Stephen Townsend, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Land Salesman, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Last Blockhouse, Genres are Adventure,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Law of Humanity, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Carl Gregory, Writers are John W. Kellette, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Left-Handed Man, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Frank E. Woods, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Legend of Provence, Genres are Drama, Directors are Eugene Moore, Writers are Adelaide Anne Procter,Lloyd Lonergan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Leonie, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Letter to Uncle Sam, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are C.J. Williams, Writers are Arthur Lenox, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Crashing Through, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Lifted Veil, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Light on Troubled Waters, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Walter Edwin, Writers are Monte M. Katterjohn, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Little Hero, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Little Minister, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are James Young, Writers are J.M. Barrie,James Young, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Local Color, Genres are Comedy,Short,Western, Directors are Tom Mix, Writers are Tom Mix, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Looking for Trouble, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Carl Gregory, Writers are Lloyd Lonergan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love Before Ten, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are William A. Corey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love vs. Law, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Love's Sunset, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Frederick A. Thomson, Writers are Mrs. Owen Bronson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Lovers Three, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Her Deceitful Lover, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mabel's Heroes, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Fatty and the Bathing Beauties, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Made a Coward, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are William Duncan, Writers are A.W. Collins,William Duncan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Madonna of the Storm, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Maie B. Havey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Making of Broncho Billy, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Man's Duty, Genres are Drama,Short,Western, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are M. de la Parelle, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mansion of Misery, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are Lem B. Parker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Margarita and the Mission Funds, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Lem B. Parker, Writers are William A. Corey, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Marshal's Capture, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are William Duncan, Writers are William Duncan,Elizabeth Frazer, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mary's Romance, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mental Suicide, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Allan Dwan, Writers are Wallace Reid, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mercy Merrick, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Charles Brabin,Wilkie Collins, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Merry Milkmaid, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mike and Jake at the Beach, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Allen Curtis, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mike and Jake in Society, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Allen Curtis, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mike and Jake in the Wild, Wild West, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Allen Curtis, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Milk, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Émile Cohl, Writers are Émile Cohl, Plot is Using flashbacks from a statement recorded late in life and archival footage for atmosphere, this film traces Harvey Milk's career from his 40th birthday to his death. He leaves the closet and New York, opens a camera shop that becomes the salon for San Francisco's growing gay community, and organizes gays' purchasing power to build political alliances. He runs for office with lover Scott Smith as his campaign manager. Victory finally comes on the same day Dan White wins in the city's conservative district. The rest of the film sketches Milk's relationship with White and the 1978 fight against a statewide initiative to bar gays and their supporters from public school jobs.San Francisco, California, November 18, 1978. At 48, San Francisco Supervisor , the first openly gay man elected to public office, records his will, fearing for his life. Through flashbacks, Milk reflects on his turbulent personal journey and how it all began at 40 when he moved with , his lover and future campaign manager, to the Castro District, one of the first gay communities in the country. The biopic follows Milk's constant struggle for individual freedom and his rise from a closeted New York accountant to an advocate for equal rights and a national symbol. Throughout the film, Milk fights to make a difference in the face of anti-gay voices as 's Save Our Children campaign gathers strength. It depicts Milk's last days in San Francisco before former city supervisor  assassinated him and San Francisco Mayor  on November 27, 1978.Upon moving to San Francisco from New York City in 1972, forty year old  gains focus in his life as a gay activist in the city's Castro district. Gay rights activism turns to political activism as Milk decides he can be a more effective voice for the gay community as a politician, elected or not. Through several elections and losses both for a city seat and a state assembly seat, Milk becomes the first openly gay man in the United States to be elected to political office when he wins a San Francisco supervisor seat in 1977. His many political battlefronts include one with the national anti-gay Save the Children crusade, led and fronted by singer . Closer to home, Milk has a continuing struggle with his fellow supervisor, , a staunch social conservative.As the opening credits roll, old black and white newsreel footage from what looks like the 50s and early 60s flashes by of men being rounded up (and roughed up) by the police. Newspaper headlines break up the footage, announcing police raids of gay bars: "Crackdown of Homosexual Bars", "Men Charged in Taverns", etc. The men are all very well-dressed, clean-cut, and incredibly embarrassed, holding their hands over their faces, some with their suit coats over their heads. They are loaded up into paddy wagons as police push and shove them, snickering. Some of the men sit in large rooms, awaiting questioning and photographic, looking like their whole lives have just been destroyed.The narration of this film is carried out by Harvey Milk speaking into a tape recorded in 1978, dictating a letter to be read (or in this case, listened to) only in the event of his assassination. As he narrates, we catch glimpses of Milk in front of various groups, giving speeches, using attention-getting opening lines that vary with every crowd. In front of Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/Transgender (LGBT) crowds, he opens with "My name is Harvey Milk and I want to recruit you." In front of burly straight union workers, he opts for, "My name is Harvey Milk, and sorry I am not what you expected, but I left my high heels at home".In narration, Milk explains gay activists are targets for being so visible. There's a sudden newsreel clip of what looks like actual footage of a very young Diane Fienstein making the announcement both Milk and San Francisco Mayor George Moscone were assassinated (NOTE: for the unaware, that's California's current Senator Diane Fienstein, who in 1978 was president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, who became Mayor upon Moscone's assassination, and later, of course, United States Senator).Milk, narrating his "Only Read If I Am Assassinated Letter" frames the rest of the movie, taking the audience to important points chronologically, beginning in 1970 New York.Milk, dapper in a very Sears & Roebuck 70s gray suit catches the eye of a curly-haired Scott Smith (James Franco), many years his junior on the steps of a New York subway station. Furtively, Milk makes sure no one's around, watching, when he suddenly has a "meet cute" moment and forwardly tells the young man in front of him, "My name is Harvey Milk", and starts in on a lengthy talk about his birthday happening tomorrow and how he just moved to the city and doesn't know anyone and how he doesn't want to spend his birthday by himself and all the while he and Smith seem magnetically drawn to one another, inching closer and closer, until they kiss, just after Smith insists he doesn't date guys over 40 and Milk checks his watch before saying, "Well, today's my lucky day, because I'm 39 until 12:01 tonight".The pair end up at Harvey's apartment, listening to music and drinking orange juice. That leads to the bedroom, where Milk and Smith lay together, shirtless, talking about gay life in NYC at the time. Milk cautions Smith he should never pick up guys in the subway because they could secretly be police (who apparently spent much of their time harassing homosexuals in bait and trap operations like that). Milk says in this town, many men had to be discreet or lose their jobs. He tells Smith he will show him safe places to cruise, before asking Smith where he's from (Jackson, Mississippi). The two eat birthday cake in bed and Milk sighs a little before admitting he's turned 40 with not a single thing he's proud of to his name. Smith tells him not to eat too much cake or he will be fat and 40 too.The film flash-forwards a little and "meet cute" turns into a relationship for Milk and Smith, with the formerly business-like Milk growing his hair long and sporting a scraggly beard. Smith gets a little mustache with a short Jack Tripper style haircut. The two drive cross country with a home movie camera, aping it up for each other, having a great time.Milk narrates by 1972, Haight & Ashbury was unrecognizable from the "glory days" of the hippie era and was not infested with drugs and drug dealers, most of the shops and homes boarded up. Refugees from Haight went to the Castro, where gay men from around the country also started to go a formerly solid Irish-Catholic neighborhood in the Eureka Valley part of The City. Milk takes lots of photos of the neighborhood, including shots of an empty storefront on Market Street.Milk and Smith live together in a small apartment in the Castro, with Smith having cashed his last unemployment check and wondering what he's going to do next. Milk doesn't want him to have to do anything, and wants to take care of them both. He takes some candid shots of Smith and gets the idea to open a camera shop in the empty storefront in their building (the one he took shots of before). Milk and Smith make a wooden sign for "Castro Camera" and hang it in their new shop window as the proprietor of the liquor store across the street walks over to "welcome" them to the neighborhood.Milk and Smith kiss openly, excited to be in business, and the neighbor makes his displeasure known. Milk says they are opening their business and asked how they could become members of the Eureka Valley Merchant's Association. The neighbor tells them they can't become members because if they open their shop, the police will close them down. Milk says it's not against the law to open a business, and the neighbor says "There are man's laws, and there is God's law", and storms across the street back to his liquor store making it clear gay men aren't welcome in the Castro.Well, Milk and Smith open the camera shop anyway. Back in their apartment some time later, on Smith's birthday, Milk's setting the table for an elaborate, fancy dinner, talking about how the camera shop is a way to start gay activism. He sees it as a way to start organizing, because so many people come to the shop who are gay and support him because it's a gay owned shop. Milk gets the idea to keep lists of gay owned shops, or shops friendly to gays, with another list for the "bad" shops which don't support gays and tell everyone to only patronize the "good" businesses. Then, Milk reasons, gays could take over a block at a time, driving out the bad shops, and eventually take over whole streets and neighborhoods, and then the entire Castro, to start a movement. Smith asks, "What's with all the activism. I thought you were a Republican," and Milk tells him to come into the dining room for a birthday surprise. Smith sees the fancy dinner and is touched, and then Milk smacks him in the face with a whip cream pie and then runs into the bedroom screaming SANCTUARY! Smith follows him in there and they forget all about dinner.Milk narrates the Castro became Gay Destination #1 soon after, with the police continuing to hate the LGBT community and vice versa. The list of approved gay-friendly businesses had its desired impact as gay-hating shops failed left and right. The liquor store owner from earlier in the film had a business related change of heart when he realized gay men spend lots of money on liquor, and his shop filled up with throngs of bare-chested guys. Milk asked the man if he still had a problem with homosexuals now that his business was doing so well, and then laughed his way out of the man's store, because that liquor store made the "good list" for coming around and supporting the LGBT community.Milk talks about some of the men who started coming around the camera shop to hang out and become involved in gay activism in this period. Danny Nicolletta, an art student, who loves opera. Jim Revaldo, a Harvard grad, though no one cared about that. Dick Pavitch, Dennis Perone, and others. All young guys who gravitated to Milk, some of whom Milk was interested in sexually, even though he was with Smith.The first test of Milk's activist muscle was the Coors Beer Boycott, where union leaders couldn't get Coors to crack and cave into union demands. Milk said he would help knock Coors off the #1 spot in terms of sales in San Francisco, and got the gay community to stop buying Coors products. As soon as Coors slipped from #1, the company buckled to the union, and Milk demanded in return the union start hiring gay drivers. For this success, Milk became known as The Mayor of Castro Street (which he admits he coined himself).The tension between the LGBT community and the police broke into bouts of random police raids on bars, where they'd storm in (badges covered to hide their identities) and haul men out of the bars and beat them in the streets. Once the guys were on the street, the police would arrest them for "blocking traffic". Guys would hide in the bathrooms when the police raided the bars so they wouldn't be pulled into the street and beaten.Milk reasoned if the LGBT community had someone in government to look after its interests the same way black people had community leaders looking out for them, then this sort of thing wouldn't happen anymore. He stood up and said "I'm here, so I'm going to get attention".The movie's in 1973 now, and it's still not safe for the LGBT community in the Castro. Men have organized and wear whistles when they go out. If anyone heard a whistle blowing, that was the signal to come running and help whoever was in trouble. There's a great shot of a whistle on the street in a pool of blood, laying where a dying gay man left it. In the shiny reflection of the whistle, you can see Milk talking to a police officer. The cop is dismissive of the gay man's death, calling him a prostitute who was killed by his trick. Milk explained, no, this man was with his lover and he was not a prostitute, and was walking home as a couple when they were attacked. The cop has an "Oh, well" attitude about the whole thing that's disturbing. Milk picks up the whistle and pockets it, more determined than ever to do something and stop all this violence.Literally, Milk gets a soapbox to stand on (painted SOAP on one side) and a megaphone and takes position on a street corner to demand change. A small crowd gathers and Milk says, "My fellow degenerates" to get everyone's attention, before saying the police need to stop covering their badges when they attack gay bars and need to be held accountable, since taxes should go to protection not persecution. Milk announced his candidacy for City Supervisor on that corner. He then launches into a number of campaign stops, hitting barber shops, street corners, and anywhere there's a group of people assembled, campaigning to become the first openly gay man elected to office in the United States (and possibly the world).While campaigning, Milk meets young Cleve Jones, who appears to be a male prostitute, hanging around with a group of other prostitutes. Milk's attracted to him, and keeps trying to get the kid to come closer and talk, but Jones says he's moving to Spain in a week and doesn't have time to get involved, in politics or other things. Milk asks him where he's from, and Jones says "Phoenix", so Milk next asks what do they do to gay boys in gym class in Phoenix, and Jones says he always faked illness to get out of gym. Milk says they can change Phoenix, but they have to start with this street in San Francisco. Milk sees Jones is a smart-ass, and tells him that he should always do what he does best, but if he's going to be a prick, be a prick for a good cause.Milk knows he needs a major endorsement to win Supervisor, and also understands all the big money gays only support established politicians like Diane Feinstein, who already has all the money she needs. So, he begins a strategy to get a big endorsement of his own. He's distracted, however, by the death threats he's starting to receive, including one made in crazy-cartoon-crayon-drawing form: a stick figure of Milk being hit by knives and bombs with blood squirting out of his eyes and groin. Smith shows this to him and is scared, but Milk thinks it's funny and puts it up on his fridge. Smith says Milk needs to back down and go back to running just the camera shop, but Milk says putting that drawing in a drawer makes it powerful, but putting out in the open makes it harmless, so he can see it every day and not be afraid of it. Smith also says between these people who hate him and the fact he has no endorsements or money means he won't win the race. Milk says this is not about him winning the race, but about him standing up and daring to run and not backing down.Milk and Smith go to David Goodwin's house, the owner of The Advocate, to get the high profile endorsement he needs. Because it's hot, there's a pool, and he's played by James Franco, Smith strips naked and swims naked in blue water. He then climbs out of the pool and joins Milk, Goodwin, and Goodwin's lover at a business meeting, stark naked. Goodwin says he only uses his money and influence to help gay causes in quiet ways. He tells Milk that Supervisor is a city-wide office (meaning Milk needs the support of the entire city, not just his one area, making it harder for a gay man to win office if the only people who like him are those in the Castro). Milk says he wants The Advocate's endorsement and Goodwin says no. Milk and Smith leave, as Smith says goodbye by apologizing for peeing in the pool.Milk lost that first race for Supervisor.In 1975, he tries again. This time, he loses the beard and long hair and goes back to that insurance salesman look he had in New York in 1970 when the audience first met him. Milk chalks his first loss up to the fact he looked too radical for people in the whole of San Francisco to vote for him, so he needed to tone his look down. He also tells Smith he needs to rein things in too, and to stop going to bathhouses. Smith doesn't like that part.Milk lost that 1975 race too, but got closer to winning than ever. This is the mantra of their campaigns from then on: We got more votes than last time, and next time we'll get more than that, even if we don't win!In 1976, Milk decides to run for an office higher than City Supervisor, and tries for Assemblyman at the state level. The Machine candidate is Agnos, and Milk's up against big odds because the City Machine is powerful. After debating Agnos, the two candidates leave the building together and Agnos gives Milk some good advice: "Your rap is a downer. What are you for? You only talk about what you are against, and you don't give voters a reason or any optimism to vote for you. If you don't give them hope, you are cooked."Milk's campaign activities have taken over his entire life. His apartment is filled with people, and Scott is frustrated because he does not like politics, and does not want it taking over his entire life (despite Scott being Milk's campaign manager). Scott has dinner ready and has to physically throw people out of the apartment so he and Milk can eat. He tells Milk that he wants to talk about politics at the dinner table and Milk starts to talk, Smith starts to get angry, but Milk goes into a sweet, soft voice and says, "I only wanted to tell you that this is the most delicious dinner I have ever had", and Smith smiles. They laugh, but Smith makes it clear he doesn't want any more campaigns after this. He wants a normal life without dozens of people in the apartment.Milk walks down Market Street late at night on the eve of the Assemblyman's election and a car pulls up behind him. Someone gets out, and starts following behind Milk, who gets nervous and walks faster. Milk's scared someone's trying to kill him and makes it to his apartment building, finding Cleve Jones there waiting. The man following Milk walks past them: he meant Milk no harm after all. Jones has nowhere to go, so Milk lets him stay with him that night.Jones broke up with a boy, and ran out of money in Spain, so he came back. Milk counsels Jones on relationships, telling him you don't realize who the love of your life is until the end of your life, and then you look back on all the men you've been with and can see who were just friends and who was the one true love you ever had. But you only understand that at the end, and should have fun racking up good suspects through the years so you have that to look back on (this is called foreshadowing).Jones talks about a gay march in Spain to remember the gays who were killed under Franco's dictatorship, only recently ended with the restoration of King Juan Carlos and the constitutional monarchy. At the march in Barcelona, Jones saw drag queens attacked with rubber bullets, gushing blood, who refused to back down, and refused to give up or give in. Blood ran in rivers through the gutters, but Jones said the gays there in Spain kept marching.Milk says the LGBT community in San Francisco could have a revolution here in California too, but guys can't use the Castro just to cruise for sex anymore. They needed to stand up and stand for something. Milk asks Jones if he can assemble 1000 people in an hour, if he's ready to be an activist. Jones is cocksure and confident and says he can do anything, and someday Milk will be working for him. Milk says, for a start, they should go hit the bus stops together as polls will open in just a few hours.Coloring the race is the omnipresence of Anita Bryant, the first personifiable villain in the film. Bryant was a singer turned spokesperson for Florida orange juice who was a leader in the Christian political activist movement in the 1970s. She became an LGBT boogeyman by devoting herself to a crusade to overturn gay-friendly referendums and resolutions across the country, starting in Dade County, Florida where she was most famous for her orange juice commercials. The Dade County gay protection law required the government to enforce non-discrimination policies for all gay employees, but Bryant said gays should be treated like prostitutes, thieves, and other deviants and should get no such protection under the law. She also said homosexuality should be criminalized and made punishable like other offenses. Her appearances via local and national news footage pop up in the film from this point on out, as Bryant's crusade succeeds in Dade County and spreads nationwide.Milk loses the Assemblyman's race, but wins more votes than he's ever won before. One of his campaign staff holds a map of the election region, showing how well Milk did, comparatively, and telling him if the City's new Supervisor election plan passes, Milk's district would include only the Haight Ashbury and Castro neighborhoods, meaning Milk would only need to win "hippies and gays" to be a Supervisor when the next elections were held. Milk's exhausted and knows Smith doesn't want to run another race. He's torn between wanting to become the first openly gay man to win elected office, and wanting to keep his relationship with Smith and also have a normal life.Walter Cronkite makes the first of several appearances here, reporting news Bryant's anti-gay crusade is making strides across the country. As Milk and his supporters watch the news, one of them wears a tee shirt saying "Anita the Hun". Bryant says, after more gay-friendly legislation is shot down, "Tonight the laws of God and cultural laws of man were vindicated" and launches into a religious themed rationale for doing what she did.A boy in Minnesota calls Milk and tells him he wants to kill himself because his parents told him they were shipping him off to a hospital in the morning to cure him of homosexuality. The boy is in a wheelchair so he can't just get on a bus and run away, and would rather die than go into an ex-gay forced rehabilitation program. Milk tells him he needs to get away from home and get help, but the boy's mother catches him on the phone and makes him hang up before Milk can say anymore to help him. At that moment, Milk's team tells him there is going to be a riot outside if he does not stop it.Smith's upset Milk's getting drawn into the riot and you can see on his face he's had about enough of being spouse to a politician/activist. Milk takes his bullhorn, given to him long ago by union members, and organizes and impromptu peaceful march through the streets of San Francisco to City Hall. The police allow him to do this, since getting the people to march and scream and yell in the street prevented the riot. The crowd shouts "Gay Rights Now!".At City Hall, Milk climbs the steps and tells the crowd, "My name is Harvey Milk and I want to recruit you". He tells the crowd they will fight Anita Bryant wherever she goes, and she did not win by striking down gay legislation that night. No, Bryant really lost that night because she mobilized all of these people against her and now they are all together, they would fight and defeat the villainous Anita Bryant.Milk says young people in Jackson, Mississippi, in Minnesota, and in Woodmere, New York (where Smith, the boy on the phone, and Milk himself are all from), are all looking to San Francisco and this march tonight for leadership. The LGBT community had to give these young people hope, for a better world tomorrow, for workers in unions who were awakening to the fact the American dream is slipping away from them as jobs left the country, and that now San Francisco has changed its rules, people in neighborhoods actually have the chance to pick the people who best represent them. This should give them all hope.The rule changes now made Milk a viable candidate for winning the Supervisor seat representing the Castrowhile in another part of town nearby, Dan White, former cop and fireman, was poised to represent the still heavily Irish-Catholic neighborhood in which he lives. Enter the second personifiable villain in the film: Dan White.It's 1977 now, and Smith moves out and leaves Milk because he can't take another race for Supervisor. He also resigns as Milk's campaign manager. Milk has a hard time losing Smith, and drags his feet telling his staff he's gone. All the Assemblyman signs get junked from the office and Milk has new Supervisor signs printed up. The new campaign manager is a lesbian named Ann Kronenberg, who the all gay male staff react poorly to. Everyone's in a bad mood because another gay man is also running for Supervisor, named Rick Stokes, and this guy is backed by The Advocate. Gloom and doom pervades the room, with Eeyores everywhere telling Milk he won't win. Not Kronenberg, though. She tells Milk she'll get him the endorsement of the San Francisco Chronicle. The gay men on staff don't like Kronenberg because, "not only is she a woman, but she's a woman who likes other women, which is doubly worse". It's a funny scene, reminiscent of the "Our Gang" He-Man Women Haters' Club with Alfalfa and Spanky and the others not wanting Darla to play as well. Milk tells the rest of the boys they need "a tough dyke to get things done".Kronenberg soon delivers not only The Chronicle's endorsement, but The Sentinel and the Bay Area Reporter's endorsements as well. All the papers say they endorses Milk because he is a good businessman, which makes his staff laugh (because the camera shop is a big joke). The staff all decide to head out to The Stud to celebrate, but Milk wants to stay in and read the papers. A few guys pass by the window and ask, "Gonna win this time Milk?", and a very drunk Latino man tries to come into the shop. Milk likes him, and the guy trips over onto the ground, talking about Palomino horses and asking if Milk is the stallion he has been looking for. The guy's name is Jack, and he is quite obviously crazy, but Milk misses Smith so this is rebound guy for him. Of course, Milk takes him upstairs and they have sex naked. Jack's father used to beat him and kicked him out of the house, and Milk tells him no one will ever beat him again, as Milk won't let them.It's now November 1977 and Milk's coalition of support is union members, women, seniors, and gays. He wins Supervisor, becoming quite possibly the first openly gay man to win election to office in world history. They have a giant celebration at Milk's office, which Smith watches from the outside, as he has chosen to no longer be part of Milk's group. The Advocate's owner tries to crash the party and join up with the winner, but Milk tells him the building's too crowded, before yanking Jack out of the crowd outside and bringing him into the party. None of the staff likes Jack, who is still very obviously crazy. The news media is inside and ask Milk if gays are taking over San Francisco and Milk says he was elected to serve all the people and that is what he will do.In 1978, Milk is sworn in by the Mayor at City Hall. Smith watches the swearing in on TV. Milk goes to City Hall, with Cleve Jones in tow, and chastises Jones for wearing a suit and trying to blend in with the bureaucrats. Milk tells him to keep wearing his tight jeans and to never take the elevator, instead always taking the stairs because then he can make a flamboyant entrance wherever he goes, giving everyone a big show in his tight jeans. Milk also says he wants to set a trap for Anita Bryant by coming up with a citywide ordinance protecting gays in San Francisco just like the ones she keeps shooting down across the country, to get Bryant to bring her fight to San Francisco.Dan White, also elected Supervisor, invites Milk to his son's baptism, and Milk accepts. His staff is stunned, but Milk says he needs allies and he thinks Dan White could be one of them. Jones asks, "Is it just me, or is he cute?" after White left the office. For the record, it's not just Jones. James Brolin as Dan White is indeed cute.Milk returns home to find Jack broke into his apartment, watched soap operas all day, and cooked a large meal of brown, gross things for Milk to eat. Milk asks if he gives Jack a key, would Jack promise not to break in any more. Jack agrees, and Milk starts a relationship with this crazy person who moves in with him.Milk then goes to Dan White's baby's service, where he and White discuss exchanging votes: White will vote for Milk's pro-gay ordinance if Milk will support White's plan to keep a psychiatric hospital out of his district. This becomes a point of contention later, as Milk will claim he never made this promise to White, but White will insist that's what they agreed at the baptism. White says they will indeed "watch out for each other", and White's wife interrupts with a little impolite bigotry, so Milk spars with her for a while politely as the baby chooses that moment to cry.Milk's staff tells him he can't be allies with White, but Milk says no one else likes him and he thinks White might be gay too, living a pretend life, because that's what Milk himself did back in New York. The staff also don't like Jack, because he is crazy, and say Milk's gone and made this crazy person First Lady.Anita Bryant has an ally in California named Briggs, who is a state senator pushing legislation in California called Proposition 6, which will require the state to fire all gay teachers, and all teachers who support gay rights. It would provide for inquisition and witch hunt powers to arbitrarily determine who was or was not gay, "just by looking at them". The illogic in all of this is gay people would cease to exist eventually if teachers were not allowed to recruit new gays, as people are not born gay but learn to be gay from their teachers. Milk and his staff know in Briggs, the Bryant fight has now come to California.Briggs plans on rooting out "all the perverts and pedophiles in public schools". Briggs says people like Milk can argue with him all they want, but they can't argue with God. Bryant and Briggs develop a shopping list, according to Milk, of people they want to go after because they are going to Hell: start with gays, then hit Jews and Muslims next.At another political event, where important people are gathered to strategize in the fight against Prop 6, Jack's there and has hidden in the closet, having a crazy episode. Milk tries to calm Jack down, but Jack's upset Milk was 20 minutes late to this event, and Jack didn't know anyone downstairs, so he ran upstairs to hide in the closet and wants to live in there now. Milk tries to calm Jack down and get him to leave the closet, but Jack starts screaming and yelling like, well, the crazy person that he is. So, Milk goes downstairs to rejoin the business meeting already in progress.It's been decided by the leading, rich gays the best way to fight Prop-6 is to say it is an affront to human rights and never mention gays at all. Just claim it violates basic human rights. Milk says that is the wrong approach, and they need flaming old queens (his words) in all the brochures so people can see who exactly is being affected by this, since everyone knows a gay person, whether they realize it or not, and if people see folks they know in these anti Prop-6 ads, they won't vote to discriminate against them.Milk decides to rally his own troops, as he thinks the gay elite's approach is stupid. Milk's team gathers, and Milk challenges all of them to come out of the closet to everyone they know, and gets one of his staff to call his father right there on the spot and come out. Smith's there, and remembers how Milk himself never came out to his family and was always so secretive about being gay, so he thinks it's hypocritical of Milk to ask all these young people to come out to their family and friends. Milk insists if everyone in California realized how many gays were in their lives, hey would not vote for Prop-6, so they had to stand up and leave the gay ghetto to get their attention. Privacy is the enemy. If you want real political power, start telling the truth. Milk insists people will vote 2:1 against Prop-6 if they realized gays they knew and loved would be affected by it.Milk clearly misses Smith. He asks Smith how he is, and Smith says he is dating someone. Smith asks why Milk is with a crazy person, and Milk says Jack needs him. Jack's acting more crazy than usual and is incredibly jealous of Smith.White is upset with Milk because he realizes Milk's voting to allow that psychiatric hospital in White's district. Milk claims he never promised to vote against the hospital, even though it seemed like he agreed to swap votes with White at that baptism. White loses it and goes a little unhinged because he says everyone is counting on him to keep that hospital out of his district and he feels Milk has betrayed him. White is furious and tells Milk that he had his chance to be a friend and ally of White's, and he blew it.Cronkite comes on the news again, informing us Bryant's been busy, with victories against gay rights in Minnesota and Oregon. Bryant's taken her show on the road, and is now moving on to Wichita, Kansas. Milk starts a Round Robin telephone call to gather every LGBT person and supporter he can find and get them to demonstrate against the Wichita, Kansas Anita Bryant Hatefest.At the rally that forms in the Castro, Milk passes the megaphone to Jones and tells him to lead the angry mob on a march to City Hall, where Milk will wait and then come out and take the position as City Peacemaker to quiet the mob down. Jones uses the megaphone to rally the crowd to march, then uses bulky walkie talkies to communicate with other Milk staff in the crowd. The crowd disconnects the streetcars' electrical plugs to block traffic on the intersections too, bringing a good portion of San Francisco to a standstill as they march to City Hall. They shout, "Civil Rights or Civil War, Gay Rights Now!" and "Anita, You Liar. We'll Set Your Hair On Fire".Milk's stunt is a success. He's hailed as a City Mediator/Peacemaker who stopped a near-riot. At this point, he realizes to build support for his pro-gay legislation, he needs people to see him as accomplishing something besides gay-related efforts, so he decides to sponsor legislation requiring people to clean up after their dogs, since dog feces are a health hazard and nuisance. A populist effort like this could help rally people to support his efforts against Prop-6. Milk, of course, makes a big show out of how gross dog droppings can be in the park when stepped on, and the media eats up his flamboyance.The Gay Rights Ordinance passes in City Hall, 10 Yes and 1 No with the lone No coming from Dan White.Milk then goes to talk to White after the vote. White asks, "Can two men reproduce?", to which Milk responds, "No, but God knows we keep trying." Milk tells White there are no hard feelings over the gay vote and they can find something to work on together which can help White in his district. White tells him to sponsor a pay raise for Supervisors because White is struggling to support his family on what the Supervisor makes. Milk says pay raises are not a good idea politically, and White gets angry.It's now Milk's big birthday party, with a giant caked shaped like City Hall, held in one of the glamorous rooms of the building itself. Milk gets several whipped cream pies to his face, which seems to be his birthday tradition. It's a far cry from the simple birthday he and Smith shared earlier in the film.At the party, Jack is being extra-crazy and demands attention. Smith shows up unexpectedly and gives Milk a birthday kiss. It's his 48th birthday and Smith says he looks great, and kids him that Milk once said he'd never live to see 50, so Milk's now almost there.White's in the building too, and Milk encounters him in the hall. White's beyond drunk, borderline incoherent, and rails at Milk about that psychiatric hospital some more, and also about the dog ordinance too. Jack then comes at Milk from the other side, also crazy and incoherent, so Milk brushes White off, and White just SEETHES.The California campaign for Prop-6 becomes the center of national attention as Bryant and her forces focus all of their efforts on getting it passed.Milk rides a float in the San Francisco Pride Parade, and gets a death threat moments before he is to give a speech on the steps of City Hall with Mayor Moscone. The whole nation is watching, so Milk says he has to go on, even though the note he got said he would be shot as soon as he took the microphone."My name is Harvey Milk and I am here to recruit you!". He urges the crowd to tell everyone they know to come out of the closet and break down all the myths about gay people, get rid of all the barriers, lies, and distortions.White's at City Hall, too, talking to reporters, telling them naked men should not be allowed in the Pride Parade because naked people aren't allowed in any other parade the city has.Milk receives word the villainous Briggs is headed to San Francisco to disrupt the parade, and the Mayor wants Milk to intercept him, so Moscone orders the police to divert his car and bring it to the docks where Milk and the media could wait. The Mayor tells Briggs his presence at Pride would lead to a public safety hazard as people would riot, so he was refusing Briggs entry into the City. Milk tries to shake Briggs' hand, but Briggs refuses. Milk asks for a public debate with Briggs on Prop-6 in San Francisco. Briggs is forced to accept because of the media's presence and Milk's persistent goading.The debate's in the Walnut Creek School District. Briggs once more talks about gay teachers recruiting students to become new gays as the older gays die out, and if this didn't happen, then there would be no more gays. Milk asks how teachers recruit children, and if they teach gayness the way they teach French. He also notesif students emulated their teachers and grew up to be just like them, there would be a lot more nuns in this world.Milk's goal with Prop-6 was to organize so well if they lost, "all Hell would break loose". Milk wanted another debate on Prop-6 in Orange County, California (heavily Republican area). There, Briggs equates homosexuality with child molestation, though Milk points out the majority of child molesters are straight. Milk also asks, in Briggs' attacks on teachers, how many lives Briggs will destroy in his own quest for power. The Orange County audience boos Milk repeatedly.Jack is at his craziest, calling Milk at City Hall repeatedly and pulling him out of meetings. Milk says he will be home at 6:15 that night, and Jack says he better be home at 6:15.The news tells us even Ronald Reagan has come out AGAINST Prop-6, because it's just plain wrong.Dan White feels humiliated and betrayed by Milk and begins constant brooding.Milk returns home, and finds Jack has nearly papered all the walls with crazy notes, saying things like, "It's all about you, honey" leading up to a note on a curtain that says, "How do you like my last act?". Behind the curtain, Milk sees Jack has hanged himself. He's dead, and Milk pulls him down, crying and cradling him in his arms.Smith comforts Milk, but Milk can't grieve because there is too much to do.President Carter comes out against Prop-6, meaning both Democrats and Republican leaders like Reagan are against it. In San Francisco, there's strong worry if Prop-6 passes, there will be riots.The news notes the anti-gay movement of the late 1970s was the first time the Christian community organized as a political force and flexed its muscle.Paul, the boy from Minnesota who wanted to kill himself a few years before, calls Milk the night of the Prop-6 vote. Milk is shocked, because he thought Paul was dead after he hung up the phone years ago. Paul, it turns out, came to LA and met one of Milk's friends, who was running a campaign office in LA. Paul tells Milk LA County is voting AGAINST Prop-6 by huge margins, and that means Prop-6 will fail.It's a big win for Milk and the LGBT community. 65% of LA County voted against Prop-6. Milk's staff colors in the map to show the counties that voted against Prop-6 and they realize the effort will indeed fail. Briggs and Prop-6 went down by the 2:1 margin Milk had predicted earlier.In San Francisco, the only district for vote FOR Prop-6 was Dan White's.Milk tells people in California it is clear they all know a gay person, and this is a victory and a comfort for everyone in the world.Dan White resigns from the Supervisor's Board, and is immediately dragged into a closed door meeting with the police union, who wants him to recant his resignation.This leads to a battle where Milk pressures Mayor Moscone to not allow White to recant his resignation, because the police are old enemies of gays and once someone resigns, he resigns, and there are no do-overs. Moscone tells Milk he's acting like Boss Tweed or Mayor Daley in Chicago (which got a HUGE LAUGH in our Chicago theater audience, because both Mayors Daley have been demanding tyrant mayors). Milk tells Moscone, "A homosexual with power is a scary thing".Milk goes to the opera and watches an elaborate death scene.White's at home and the phone rings. He's been trying to recant his resignation, and a reporter informs him the Mayor has decided White will not get his job back, and that the Mayor will be appointing someone else the new Supervisor.Milk calls Smith and they talk through the night, into the sunrise. Milk talks about the opera, and Smith tells him that next time he goes, Smith wants to go with him. Smith tells Milk he's proud of him. Milk, who clearly loves Smith, and realizes Smith is, in fact, the great love of his life, tells Smith "I don't want to miss this", meaning he does not want to miss Smith anymore and wants to be back with him.White breaks into City Hall through an office under renovation, to avoid the metal detectors.Milk comes to work, passing through the metal detectors, and heads to his office.White goes to see Moscone.Milk goes to see Diane Feinstein to see if she knows who the new Supervisor will be. Feinstein tells him to stay away from White if he shows up at City Hall today, because the last thing they need is a big scene.White takes out a gun and shoots Moscone in his office several times, then calmly walks out of the office and down the hall to Milk's office.White walks up to Milk's office like nothing is wrong, even saying hello to people he passes. He asks to see Milk in his office, closes the door, and shoots Milk 4 times.As he dies, the last sight Milk sees is the opera house across the street.There's a flashback to 1970, with Milk and Smith in bed together for the first time, eating birthday cake, where Smith told Milk not to eat too much cake or he'll wind up fat, and Milk tells Smith he doesn't think he'll live to see 50.Smith and Kronenberg head to City Hall at night for Milk's official City Memorial Service, which has maybe 5 people there. "Where is everyone?", Smith asks. Both feel Milk was cheated, more people should have come to remember him, for all that he did.Walking towards the Castro, they realize where everyone is. For as far and wide as you can see the streets are lit with candles, in a long march to City Hall.Milk's narration continues, as he speaks into his microphone at home narrating his letter: "I want 1000 to rise if I am assassinated, let the bullet in my brain destroy every closet door, want the movement to continue beyond meI want this to go beyond gays, into Asians, and Blacks, and Seniors, all the "Us-es" out there, all of "Us"."He wanted all people to have hope, and to stand together whenever any of them were being persecuted.At the end of the film, text fills us in on more details:* 30,000 people came out to honor Milk that night with candles.
* Dan White used a "Twinkie Defense" in his trial, claiming chemicals in junk food made him unbalanced and caused him to kill Moscone and Milk. He was convicted of manslaughter and served about 5 years in prison before being released in 1984. Less than 2 years later, White committed suicide.
* "The White Night Riots" followed White's conviction for manslaughter: the worst riots San Francisco ever saw in the history of the gay movement. The next day, not a single arrest was made.
* Scott Smith died in 1995 from AIDS-related complications.
* Cleve Jones became a successful activist, and in 1987 created the Project AIDS Memorial Quilt.
* Ann Kronenberg went on to hold prominent positions in government and is a mother of three.
* Other members of Milk's staff started various consulting firms and other activist groups to help the gay community.
Movie title is The Minister's Temptation, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Sydney Booth, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Misappropriated Turkey, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Edward Acker, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Miss Mischief, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Lloyd Lonergan, Writers are Lloyd Lonergan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Missing Bonds, Genres are Crime,Drama,Short, Directors are George Melford, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Modest Hero, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Dell Henderson, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mother's Lazy Boy, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Mark Swan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Moths, Genres are Drama, Directors are Lawrence Marston, Writers are Ouida,Lloyd Lonergan, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Moulding, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Ralph Ince, Writers are Leah Baird, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mountaineers, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Charles Brabin, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Muchly Engaged, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mud Bath, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Policeman's Dilemma, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mutt Puts One Over, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mutt and Jeff in Mexico, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Mutt and Jeff in Turkey, Genres are Animation,Short, Directors are Bud Fisher, Writers are Bud Fisher, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Mutual Understanding, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are J.H. Landau, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Mystery of Yellow Aster Mine, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Frank Borzage, Writers are Bess Meredyth, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A News Item, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is A Night in Town, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Northern Hearts, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are Edward LeSaint, Writers are E.N. Wells, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Broncho Billy's Oath, Genres are Short,Western, Directors are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Writers are Gilbert M. 'Broncho Billy' Anderson, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oh! You Pearl, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oh! You Scotch Lassie, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Oil and Water, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are Edward J. Montagne, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Wanderer, Genres are Romance,Short, Directors are Anthony O'Sullivan, Writers are William E. Wing, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Old Doc Yak and the Artist's Dream, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Short, Directors are Sidney Smith, Writers are Sidney Smith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Doc Yak's Christmas, Genres are Animation,Comedy,Short, Directors are Sidney Smith, Writers are Sidney Smith, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Old Jim, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are George Lessey, Writers are Bannister Merwin, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is On His Wedding Day, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Other Woman, Genres are Drama,Romance,Short, Directors are Van Dyke Brooke, Writers are Lillian Sweetser, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Our Parents-in-Law, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Out and In, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Country Boys, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pearl as a Detective, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Pearl of the Golden West, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Unknown, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pearl's Admirers, Genres are Comedy,Romance,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pearl's Dilemma, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is Pearl's Hero, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Phillips Smalley, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Peddler, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Henry Lehrman, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Peep Hole, Genres are Comedy,Short, Directors are Mack Sennett, Writers are Unknown, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Penalties of Reputation, Genres are Comedy,Drama,Short, Directors are William Humphrey, Writers are Eliza G. Harral, Plot is Nonexistent
Movie title is The Perfidy of Mary, Genres are Drama,Short, Directors are D.W. Griffith, Writers are George Hennessy, Plot is Nonexistent
